DM compiler version 513.1513
loading paradise.dme
code\modules\mob\living\simple_animal\bot\construction.dm:2:warning: #warn This thing still exists you dingus
loading interface\skin.dmf
code\game\world.dm:25:error: space_manager.initialize: undefined var
code\game\world.dm:75:error: game_version: undefined var
code\game\world.dm:76:error: master_mode: undefined var
code\game\world.dm:77:error: abandon_allowed: undefined var
code\game\world.dm:78:error: enter_allowed: undefined var
code\game\world.dm:126:error: command_positions: undefined var
code\game\world.dm:127:error: security_positions: undefined var
code\game\world.dm:128:error: engineering_positions: undefined var
code\game\world.dm:129:error: medical_positions: undefined var
code\game\world.dm:130:error: science_positions: undefined var
code\game\world.dm:131:error: supply_positions: undefined var
code\game\world.dm:132:error: service_positions: undefined var
code\game\world.dm:133:error: civilian_positions: undefined var
code\game\world.dm:134:error: nonhuman_positions: undefined var
code\game\world.dm:137:error: data_core.general: undefined var
code\game\world.dm:273:error: shutdown_shell_command: undefined var
code\game\world.dm:274:error: shutdown_shell_command: undefined var
code\game\world.dm:297:error: blackbox: undefined var
code\game\world.dm:298:error: blackbox.save_all_data_to_sql: undefined var
code\game\world.dm:307:error: dbcon.Disconnect: undefined var
code\game\world.dm:316:error: shutdown_shell_command: undefined var
code\game\world.dm:317:error: shutdown_shell_command: undefined var
code\game\world.dm:332:error: master_mode: undefined var
code\game\world.dm:333:error: master_mode: undefined var
code\game\world.dm:345:error: join_motd: undefined var
code\game\world.dm:369:error: game_version: undefined var
code\game\world.dm:382:error: enter_allowed: undefined var
code\game\world.dm:394:error: abandon_allowed: undefined var
code\modules\admin\IsBanned.dm:28:error: admin_datums: undefined var
code\modules\admin\IsBanned.dm:29:error: admin_datums: undefined var
code\modules\admin\IsBanned.dm:34:error: guests_allowed: undefined var
code\modules\admin\IsBanned.dm:85:error: dbcon.NewQuery: undefined var
code\modules\error_handler\error_handler.dm:13:error: error_last_seen: undefined var
code\modules\error_handler\error_handler.dm:15:error: total_runtimes: undefined var
code\modules\error_handler\error_handler.dm:18:error: error_last_seen: undefined var
code\modules\error_handler\error_handler.dm:19:error: error_cooldown: undefined var
code\modules\error_handler\error_handler.dm:21:error: error_last_seen: undefined var
code\modules\error_handler\error_handler.dm:24:error: error_cooldown: undefined var
code\modules\error_handler\error_handler.dm:25:error: total_runtimes_skipped: undefined var
code\modules\error_handler\error_handler.dm:39:error: error_cooldown: undefined var
code\modules\error_handler\error_handler.dm:40:error: error_cooldown: undefined var
code\modules\error_handler\error_handler.dm:43:error: error_cache.logError: undefined var
code\modules\error_handler\error_handler.dm:44:error: error_last_seen: undefined var
code\modules\error_handler\error_handler.dm:45:error: error_cooldown: undefined var
code\modules\error_handler\error_handler.dm:106:error: error_cache: undefined var
code\modules\error_handler\error_handler.dm:107:error: error_cache.logError: undefined var
code\modules\nano\interaction\admin.dm:4:error: admin_state: undefined type: admin_state
code\modules\nano\interaction\conscious.dm:4:error: conscious_state: undefined type: conscious_state
code\modules\nano\interaction\contained.dm:4:error: contained_state: undefined type: contained_state
code\modules\nano\interaction\default.dm:1:error: default_state: undefined type: default_state
code\modules\nano\interaction\ghost.dm:6:error: ghost_state: undefined type: ghost_state
code\modules\nano\interaction\inventory.dm:4:error: inventory_state: undefined type: inventory_state
code\modules\nano\interaction\inventory_deep.dm:4:error: deep_inventory_state: undefined type: deep_inventory_state
code\modules\nano\interaction\not_incapacitated.dm:5:error: not_incapacitated_state: undefined type: not_incapacitated_state
code\modules\nano\interaction\not_incapacitated.dm:10:error: not_incapacitated_turf_state: undefined type: not_incapacitated_turf_state
code\modules\nano\interaction\physical.dm:1:error: physical_state: undefined type: physical_state
code\modules\nano\interaction\self.dm:4:error: self_state: undefined type: self_state
code\modules\nano\interaction\zlevel.dm:5:error: z_state: undefined type: z_state
code\controllers\subsystem\air.dm:278:error: cardinal: undefined var
code\controllers\subsystem\air.dm:363:error: plmaster: undefined var
code\controllers\subsystem\air.dm:364:error: plmaster.icon: undefined var
code\controllers\subsystem\air.dm:365:error: plmaster.icon_state: undefined var
code\controllers\subsystem\air.dm:366:error: plmaster.mouse_opacity: undefined var
code\controllers\subsystem\air.dm:367:error: plmaster.anchored: undefined var
code\controllers\subsystem\air.dm:368:error: plmaster.layer: undefined var
code\controllers\subsystem\air.dm:369:error: plmaster.appearance_flags: undefined var
code\controllers\subsystem\air.dm:371:error: slmaster: undefined var
code\controllers\subsystem\air.dm:372:error: slmaster.icon: undefined var
code\controllers\subsystem\air.dm:373:error: slmaster.icon_state: undefined var
code\controllers\subsystem\air.dm:374:error: slmaster.mouse_opacity: undefined var
code\controllers\subsystem\air.dm:375:error: slmaster.anchored: undefined var
code\controllers\subsystem\air.dm:376:error: slmaster.layer: undefined var
code\controllers\subsystem\air.dm:377:error: slmaster.appearance_flags: undefined var
code\controllers\subsystem\events.dm:107:error: severity_to_string: undefined var
code\controllers\subsystem\events.dm:148:error: severity_to_string: undefined var
code\controllers\subsystem\events.dm:175:error: severity_to_string: undefined var
code\controllers\subsystem\events.dm:196:error: severity_to_string: undefined var
code\controllers\subsystem\events.dm:219:error: severity_to_string: undefined var
code\controllers\subsystem\events.dm:224:error: severity_to_string: undefined var
code\controllers\subsystem\events.dm:229:error: severity_to_string: undefined var
code\controllers\subsystem\events.dm:233:error: severity_to_string: undefined var
code\controllers\subsystem\events.dm:239:error: severity_to_string: undefined var
code\controllers\subsystem\events.dm:245:error: severity_to_string: undefined var
code\controllers\subsystem\events.dm:267:error: severity_to_string: undefined var
code\controllers\subsystem\events.dm:272:error: severity_to_string: undefined var
code\controllers\subsystem\events.dm:276:error: severity_to_string: undefined var
code\controllers\subsystem\events.dm:283:error: severity_to_string: undefined var
code\controllers\subsystem\events.dm:291:error: severity_to_string: undefined var
code\controllers\subsystem\events.dm:296:error: severity_to_string: undefined var
code\controllers\subsystem\jobs.dm:52:error: Debug2: undefined var
code\controllers\subsystem\jobs.dm:158:error: command_positions: undefined var
code\controllers\subsystem\jobs.dm:161:error: whitelisted_positions: undefined var
code\controllers\subsystem\jobs.dm:206:error: command_positions: undefined var
code\controllers\subsystem\jobs.dm:234:error: command_positions: undefined var
code\controllers\subsystem\jobs.dm:603:error: department_accounts: undefined var
code\controllers\subsystem\jobs.dm:641:error: command_positions: undefined var
code\controllers\subsystem\jobs.dm:641:error: command_positions: undefined var
code\controllers\subsystem\mapping.dm:16:error: space_ruins_templates: undefined var
code\controllers\subsystem\mapping.dm:23:error: space_manager.add_new_zlevel: undefined var
code\controllers\subsystem\mapping.dm:24:error: space_ruins_templates: undefined var
code\controllers\subsystem\mapping.dm:27:error: space_manager.do_transition_setup: undefined var
code\controllers\subsystem\mapping.dm:30:error: lava_ruins_templates: undefined var
code\controllers\subsystem\nightshift.dm:28:error: priority_announcement.Announce: undefined var
code\controllers\subsystem\nightshift.dm:33:error: security_level: undefined var
code\controllers\subsystem\ticker.dm:47:error: using_map: undefined var
code\controllers\subsystem\ticker.dm:47:error: using_map.name: undefined var
code\controllers\subsystem\ticker.dm:48:error: using_map.name: undefined var
code\controllers\subsystem\ticker.dm:71:error: going: undefined var
code\controllers\subsystem\ticker.dm:132:error: master_mode: undefined var
code\controllers\subsystem\ticker.dm:135:error: master_mode: undefined var
code\controllers\subsystem\ticker.dm:135:error: master_mode: undefined var
code\controllers\subsystem\ticker.dm:142:error: secret_force_mode: undefined var
code\controllers\subsystem\ticker.dm:143:error: secret_force_mode: undefined var
code\controllers\subsystem\ticker.dm:145:error: secret_force_mode: undefined var
code\controllers\subsystem\ticker.dm:153:error: master_mode: undefined var
code\controllers\subsystem\ticker.dm:170:error: master_mode: undefined var
code\controllers\subsystem\ticker.dm:189:error: data_core.manifest: undefined var
code\controllers\subsystem\ticker.dm:452:error: nologevent: undefined var
code\controllers\subsystem\ticker.dm:456:error: start_state.score: undefined var
code\controllers\subsystem\ticker.dm:522:error: huds: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\scoreboard.dm:25:error: score_deadaipenalty: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\scoreboard.dm:26:error: score_deadcrew: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\scoreboard.dm:30:error: score_deadcrew: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\scoreboard.dm:39:error: score_escapees: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\scoreboard.dm:56:error: score_richestcash: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\scoreboard.dm:57:error: score_richestcash: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\scoreboard.dm:58:error: score_richestname: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\scoreboard.dm:59:error: score_richestjob: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\scoreboard.dm:60:error: score_richestkey: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\scoreboard.dm:63:error: score_dmgestdamage: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\scoreboard.dm:64:error: score_dmgestdamage: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\scoreboard.dm:65:error: score_dmgestname: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\scoreboard.dm:66:error: score_dmgestjob: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\scoreboard.dm:67:error: score_dmgestkey: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\scoreboard.dm:78:error: score_powerloss: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\scoreboard.dm:85:error: score_mess: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\scoreboard.dm:88:error: score_mess: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\scoreboard.dm:91:error: score_mess: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\scoreboard.dm:96:error: score_deadcrew: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\scoreboard.dm:97:error: score_researchdone: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\scoreboard.dm:98:error: score_eventsendured: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\scoreboard.dm:99:error: score_escapees: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\scoreboard.dm:100:error: score_stuffharvested: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\scoreboard.dm:101:error: score_stuffshipped: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\scoreboard.dm:102:error: score_oremined: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\scoreboard.dm:103:error: score_meals: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\scoreboard.dm:104:error: score_powerloss: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\scoreboard.dm:106:error: score_mess: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\scoreboard.dm:107:error: score_mess: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\scoreboard.dm:108:error: score_disease: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\scoreboard.dm:112:error: score_crewscore: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\scoreboard.dm:113:error: score_crewscore: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\scoreboard.dm:114:error: score_crewscore: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\scoreboard.dm:115:error: score_crewscore: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\scoreboard.dm:116:error: score_crewscore: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\scoreboard.dm:117:error: score_crewscore: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\scoreboard.dm:120:error: score_crewscore: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\scoreboard.dm:121:error: score_powerbonus: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\scoreboard.dm:123:error: score_mess: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\scoreboard.dm:124:error: score_crewscore: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\scoreboard.dm:125:error: score_messbonus: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\scoreboard.dm:128:error: score_crewscore: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\scoreboard.dm:129:error: score_allarrested: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\scoreboard.dm:130:error: score_crewscore: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\scoreboard.dm:133:error: score_crewscore: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\scoreboard.dm:134:error: score_deadaipenalty: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\scoreboard.dm:135:error: score_crewscore: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\scoreboard.dm:136:error: score_crewscore: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\scoreboard.dm:139:error: score_crewscore: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\scoreboard.dm:140:error: score_crewscore: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\scoreboard.dm:144:error: score_crewscore: undefined var
code\controllers\subsystem\vote.dm:93:error: master_mode: undefined var
code\controllers\subsystem\vote.dm:94:error: master_mode: undefined var
code\controllers\subsystem\vote.dm:95:error: master_mode: undefined var
code\controllers\subsystem\vote.dm:96:error: master_mode: undefined var
code\controllers\subsystem\vote.dm:167:error: master_mode: undefined var
code\controllers\subsystem\vote.dm:172:error: master_mode: undefined var
code\controllers\subsystem\vote.dm:173:error: going: undefined var
code\controllers\subsystem\vote.dm:174:error: going: undefined var
code\controllers\subsystem\vote.dm:256:error: going: undefined var
code\controllers\subsystem\vote.dm:257:error: going: undefined var
code\__HELPERS\unique_ids.dm:25:error: next_unique_datum_id: undefined var
code\modules\nano\nanoexternal.dm:40:error: default_state: undefined var
code\modules\nano\nanoexternal.dm:60:error: default_state: undefined var
code\ATMOSPHERICS\datum_icon_manager.dm:108:error: pipe_colors: undefined var
code\ATMOSPHERICS\datum_icon_manager.dm:110:error: pipe_colors: undefined var
code\ATMOSPHERICS\datum_icon_manager.dm:111:error: pipe_colors: undefined var
code\ATMOSPHERICS\datum_icon_manager.dm:140:error: pipe_colors: undefined var
code\ATMOSPHERICS\datum_icon_manager.dm:142:error: pipe_colors: undefined var
code\ATMOSPHERICS\datum_icon_manager.dm:143:error: pipe_colors: undefined var
code\ATMOSPHERICS\datum_icon_manager.dm:188:error: cardinal: undefined var
code\ATMOSPHERICS\datum_icon_manager.dm:191:error: pipe_colors: undefined var
code\ATMOSPHERICS\datum_icon_manager.dm:193:error: pipe_colors: undefined var
code\ATMOSPHERICS\datum_icon_manager.dm:194:error: pipe_colors: undefined var
code\controllers\configuration.dm:505:error: guests_allowed: undefined var
code\controllers\configuration.dm:621:error: python_path: undefined var
code\controllers\configuration.dm:624:error: python_path: undefined var
code\controllers\configuration.dm:626:error: python_path: undefined var
code\controllers\configuration.dm:719:error: shutdown_shell_command: undefined var
code\controllers\configuration.dm:792:error: MAX_EX_DEVASTATION_RANGE: undefined var
code\controllers\configuration.dm:793:error: MAX_EX_HEAVY_RANGE: undefined var
code\controllers\configuration.dm:794:error: MAX_EX_LIGHT_RANGE: undefined var
code\controllers\configuration.dm:795:error: MAX_EX_FLASH_RANGE: undefined var
code\controllers\configuration.dm:796:error: MAX_EX_FLAME_RANGE: undefined var
code\controllers\configuration.dm:859:error: going: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\malfunction\Malf_Modules.dm:227:error: event_announcement.Announce: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\malfunction\Malf_Modules.dm:234:error: ai_list: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\malfunction\Malf_Modules.dm:355:error: minor_announcement.Announce: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\malfunction\Malf_Modules.dm:358:error: minor_announcement.Announce: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\malfunction\Malf_Modules.dm:692:error: cameranet.cameras: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\miniantags\abduction\machinery\camera.dm:76:error: cameranet.checkTurfVis: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\miniantags\abduction\machinery\camera.dm:101:error: cameranet.checkTurfVis: undefined var
code\game\machinery\computer\camera_advanced.dm:192:error: cameranet.cameras: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\species\machine.dm:119:error: all_robolimbs: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\simple_animal\hostile\terror_spiders\actions.dm:61:error: ts_spiderlist: undefined var
code\modules\research\xenobiology\xenobio_camera.dm:191:error: cameranet.checkTurfVis: undefined var
code\modules\research\xenobiology\xenobio_camera.dm:210:error: cameranet.checkTurfVis: undefined var
code\modules\research\xenobiology\xenobio_camera.dm:234:error: cameranet.checkTurfVis: undefined var
code\modules\research\xenobiology\xenobio_camera.dm:262:error: cameranet.checkTurfVis: undefined var
code\modules\research\xenobiology\xenobio_camera.dm:282:error: cameranet.checkTurfVis: undefined var
code\modules\research\xenobiology\xenobio_camera.dm:304:error: cameranet.checkTurfVis: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\changeling\evolution_menu.dm:15:error: sting_paths: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\changeling\evolution_menu.dm:16:error: sting_paths: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\changeling\evolution_menu.dm:233:error: sting_paths: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\changeling\powers\chameleon_skin.dm:14:error: CHAMELEONBLOCK: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\changeling\powers\chameleon_skin.dm:15:error: CHAMELEONBLOCK: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\changeling\powers\chameleon_skin.dm:16:error: CHAMELEONBLOCK: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\changeling\powers\chameleon_skin.dm:18:error: CHAMELEONBLOCK: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\changeling\powers\chameleon_skin.dm:19:error: CHAMELEONBLOCK: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\changeling\powers\chameleon_skin.dm:26:error: CHAMELEONBLOCK: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\changeling\powers\chameleon_skin.dm:27:error: CHAMELEONBLOCK: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\changeling\powers\chameleon_skin.dm:28:error: CHAMELEONBLOCK: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\changeling\powers\humanform.dm:27:error: MONKEYBLOCK: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\changeling\powers\humanform.dm:28:error: MONKEYBLOCK: undefined var
code\datums\datacore.dm:37:error: data_core.general: undefined var
code\datums\datacore.dm:51:error: command_positions: undefined var
code\datums\datacore.dm:54:error: security_positions: undefined var
code\datums\datacore.dm:57:error: engineering_positions: undefined var
code\datums\datacore.dm:60:error: medical_positions: undefined var
code\datums\datacore.dm:63:error: science_positions: undefined var
code\datums\datacore.dm:66:error: service_positions: undefined var
code\datums\datacore.dm:69:error: supply_positions: undefined var
code\datums\datacore.dm:72:error: nonhuman_positions: undefined var
code\datums\datacore.dm:139:error: PDA_Manifest.len: undefined var
code\datums\datacore.dm:150:error: data_core.general: undefined var
code\datums\datacore.dm:158:error: command_positions: undefined var
code\datums\datacore.dm:165:error: security_positions: undefined var
code\datums\datacore.dm:171:error: engineering_positions: undefined var
code\datums\datacore.dm:177:error: medical_positions: undefined var
code\datums\datacore.dm:183:error: science_positions: undefined var
code\datums\datacore.dm:189:error: service_positions: undefined var
code\datums\datacore.dm:195:error: supply_positions: undefined var
code\datums\datacore.dm:201:error: nonhuman_positions: undefined var
code\datums\datacore.dm:209:error: PDA_Manifest: undefined var
code\datums\datacore.dm:229:error: PDA_Manifest.len: undefined var
code\datums\datacore.dm:230:error: PDA_Manifest.Cut: undefined var
code\datums\datacore.dm:234:error: data_core.general: undefined var
code\datums\datacore.dm:255:error: PDA_Manifest.len: undefined var
code\datums\datacore.dm:256:error: PDA_Manifest.Cut: undefined var
code\datums\datacore.dm:269:error: record_id_num: undefined var
code\datums\hud.dm:36:error: all_huds: undefined var
code\datums\hud.dm:43:error: all_huds: undefined var
code\datums\mind.dm:1490:error: wizardstart.len: undefined var
code\datums\mind.dm:1491:error: latejoin: undefined var
code\datums\mind.dm:1494:error: wizardstart: undefined var
code\modules\antagonists\_common\antag_hud.dm:50:error: huds: undefined var
code\modules\antagonists\_common\antag_hud.dm:54:error: huds: undefined var
code\datums\mind.dm:848:error: summon_spots.len: undefined var
code\datums\mind.dm:849:error: summon_spots.len: undefined var
code\datums\mind.dm:850:error: summon_spots: undefined var
code\datums\mind.dm:852:error: summon_spots: undefined var
code\datums\mind.dm:905:error: wizardstart: undefined var
code\datums\mixed.dm:25:error: data_core.medical: undefined var
code\datums\mixed.dm:26:error: data_core.medical: undefined var
code\datums\mixed.dm:27:error: data_core.security: undefined var
code\datums\mixed.dm:28:error: data_core.security: undefined var
code\datums\mixed.dm:29:error: data_core.general: undefined var
code\datums\mixed.dm:30:error: data_core.general: undefined var
code\datums\mixed.dm:31:error: data_core.locked: undefined var
code\datums\mixed.dm:32:error: data_core.locked: undefined var
code\modules\pda\cart_apps.dm:106:error: apc_repository.apc_data: undefined var
code\modules\pda\cart_apps.dm:111:error: powermonitor_repository.powermonitor_data: undefined var
code\modules\pda\cart_apps.dm:130:error: data_core.general: undefined var
code\modules\pda\cart_apps.dm:135:error: data_core.general: undefined var
code\modules\pda\cart_apps.dm:146:error: data_core.general: undefined var
code\modules\pda\cart_apps.dm:169:error: data_core.medical: undefined var
code\modules\pda\cart_apps.dm:176:error: data_core.medical: undefined var
code\modules\pda\cart_apps.dm:195:error: data_core.security: undefined var
code\modules\pda\cart_apps.dm:202:error: data_core.security: undefined var
code\modules\pda\core_apps.dm:74:error: data_core.get_manifest_json: undefined var
code\modules\pda\core_apps.dm:75:error: PDA_Manifest: undefined var
code\modules\pda\messenger.dm:42:error: PDAs: undefined var
code\modules\pda\messenger.dm:146:error: message_servers: undefined var
code\modules\pda\messenger.dm:147:error: message_servers: undefined var
code\modules\pda\messenger.dm:204:error: PDAs: undefined var
code\datums\helper_datums\map_template.dm:20:error: maploader.load_map: undefined var
code\datums\helper_datums\map_template.dm:51:error: space_manager.add_dirt: undefined var
code\datums\helper_datums\map_template.dm:52:error: maploader.load_map: undefined var
code\datums\helper_datums\map_template.dm:61:error: space_manager.remove_dirt: undefined var
code\datums\spawners_menu.dm:9:error: ghost_state: undefined var
code\datums\diseases\advance\advance.dm:134:error: list_symptoms: undefined var
code\datums\diseases\advance\advance.dm:160:error: archive_diseases: undefined var
code\datums\diseases\advance\advance.dm:163:error: archive_diseases: undefined var
code\datums\diseases\advance\advance.dm:164:error: archive_diseases: undefined var
code\datums\diseases\advance\advance.dm:166:error: archive_diseases: undefined var
code\datums\diseases\advance\advance.dm:248:error: advance_cures.len: undefined var
code\datums\diseases\advance\advance.dm:248:error: advance_cures.len: undefined var
code\datums\diseases\advance\advance.dm:250:error: advance_cures: undefined var
code\datums\diseases\advance\symptoms\symptoms.dm:20:error: list_symptoms: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\miniantags\borer\borer_event.dm:15:error: command_announcement.Announce: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\miniantags\bot_swarm\swarmer_event.dm:11:error: event_announcement.Announce: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\miniantags\morph\morph_event.dm:18:error: xeno_spawn: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\miniantags\morph\morph_event.dm:20:error: xeno_spawn: undefined var
code\modules\economy\Economy_Events.dm:11:error: setup_economy: undefined var
code\modules\economy\Economy_Events.dm:14:error: weighted_randomevent_locations: undefined var
code\modules\economy\Economy_Events.dm:97:error: news_network.network_channels: undefined var
code\modules\economy\Economy_Events.dm:101:error: allCasters: undefined var
code\modules\economy\Economy_Events_Mundane.dm:6:error: weighted_mundaneevent_locations: undefined var
code\modules\economy\Economy_Events_Mundane.dm:129:error: news_network.network_channels: undefined var
code\modules\economy\Economy_Events_Mundane.dm:133:error: allCasters: undefined var
code\modules\economy\Economy_Events_Mundane.dm:144:error: weighted_mundaneevent_locations: undefined var
code\modules\economy\Economy_Events_Mundane.dm:148:error: news_network.network_channels: undefined var
code\modules\economy\Economy_Events_Mundane.dm:152:error: allCasters: undefined var
code\modules\events\alien_infestation.dm:13:error: event_announcement.Announce: undefined var
code\modules\events\anomaly.dm:18:error: event_announcement.Announce: undefined var
code\modules\events\anomaly_bluespace.dm:7:error: event_announcement.Announce: undefined var
code\modules\events\anomaly_bluespace.dm:36:error: event_announcement.Announce: undefined var
code\modules\events\anomaly_flux.dm:7:error: event_announcement.Announce: undefined var
code\modules\events\anomaly_grav.dm:7:error: event_announcement.Announce: undefined var
code\modules\events\anomaly_pyro.dm:7:error: event_announcement.Announce: undefined var
code\modules\events\anomaly_vortex.dm:7:error: event_announcement.Announce: undefined var
code\modules\events\aurora_caelus.dm:9:error: event_announcement.Announce: undefined var
code\modules\events\aurora_caelus.dm:44:error: event_announcement.Announce: undefined var
code\modules\events\blob.dm:6:error: event_announcement.Announce: undefined var
code\modules\events\blob.dm:11:error: blobstart: undefined var
code\modules\events\brand_intelligence.dm:17:error: event_announcement.Announce: undefined var
code\modules\events\carp_migration.dm:19:error: event_announcement.Announce: undefined var
code\modules\events\communications_blackout.dm:15:error: event_announcement.Announce: undefined var
code\modules\events\communications_blackout.dm:18:error: telecomms_list: undefined var
code\modules\events\disease_outbreak.dm:10:error: event_announcement.Announce: undefined var
code\modules\events\meaty_ores.dm:3:error: event_announcement.Announce: undefined var
code\modules\events\meaty_ores.dm:5:error: event_announcement.Announce: undefined var
code\modules\events\electrical_storm.dm:6:error: event_announcement.Announce: undefined var
code\modules\events\floorcluwne.dm:6:error: xeno_spawn: undefined var
code\modules\events\floorcluwne.dm:10:error: xeno_spawn: undefined var
code\modules\events\grid_check.dm:17:error: event_announcement.Announce: undefined var
code\modules\events\headcrabs.dm:58:error: event_announcement.Announce: undefined var
code\modules\events\immovable_rod.dm:14:error: event_announcement.Announce: undefined var
code\modules\events\immovable_rod.dm:17:error: cardinal: undefined var
code\modules\events\infestation.dm:100:error: event_announcement.Announce: undefined var
code\modules\events\ion_storm.dm:20:error: event_announcement.Announce: undefined var
code\modules\events\mass_hallucination.dm:12:error: event_announcement.Announce: undefined var
code\modules\events\meaty_gore.dm:2:error: event_announcement.Announce: undefined var
code\modules\events\meaty_gore.dm:10:error: meteors_gore: undefined var
code\modules\events\meaty_gore.dm:17:error: event_announcement.Announce: undefined var
code\modules\events\meaty_ops.dm:3:error: event_announcement.Announce: undefined var
code\modules\events\meaty_ops.dm:11:error: meteors_ops: undefined var
code\modules\events\meaty_ops.dm:19:error: event_announcement.Announce: undefined var
code\modules\events\meteors.dm:13:error: event_announcement.Announce: undefined var
code\modules\events\meteors.dm:15:error: event_announcement.Announce: undefined var
code\modules\events\meteors.dm:28:error: event_announcement.Announce: undefined var
code\modules\events\meteors.dm:30:error: event_announcement.Announce: undefined var
code\modules\events\meteors.dm:35:error: returnmeteors_catastrophic: undefined var
code\modules\events\meteors.dm:37:error: returnmeteors_threatening: undefined var
code\modules\events\meteors.dm:39:error: returnmeteors_normal: undefined var
code\modules\events\money_hacker.dm:13:error: all_money_accounts.len: undefined var
code\modules\events\money_hacker.dm:14:error: all_money_accounts: undefined var
code\modules\events\money_hacker.dm:16:error: account_hack_attempted: undefined var
code\modules\events\money_hacker.dm:52:error: current_date_string: undefined var
code\modules\events\money_lotto.dm:8:error: all_money_accounts.len: undefined var
code\modules\events\money_lotto.dm:9:error: all_money_accounts: undefined var
code\modules\events\money_lotto.dm:24:error: news_network.network_channels: undefined var
code\modules\events\money_lotto.dm:29:error: allCasters: undefined var
code\modules\events\money_spam.dm:11:error: message_servers: undefined var
code\modules\events\money_spam.dm:12:error: message_servers: undefined var
code\modules\events\money_spam.dm:31:error: PDAs: undefined var
code\modules\events\prison_break.dm:40:error: event_announcement.Announce: undefined var
code\modules\events\radiation_storm.dm:7:error: priority_announcement.Announce: undefined var
code\modules\events\rogue_drones.dm:33:error: event_announcement.Announce: undefined var
code\modules\events\rogue_drones.dm:49:error: event_announcement.Announce: undefined var
code\modules\events\rogue_drones.dm:51:error: event_announcement.Announce: undefined var
code\modules\events\spider_infestation.dm:10:error: sent_spiders_to_station: undefined var
code\modules\events\spider_infestation.dm:13:error: event_announcement.Announce: undefined var
code\modules\events\spider_terror.dm:11:error: command_announcement.Announce: undefined var
code\modules\events\tear.dm:8:error: event_announcement.Announce: undefined var
code\modules\events\tear_honk.dm:5:error: event_announcement.Announce: undefined var
code\modules\events\traders.dm:13:error: unused_trade_stations.len: undefined var
code\modules\events\traders.dm:14:error: unused_trade_stations: undefined var
code\modules\events\traders.dm:20:error: event_announcement.Announce: undefined var
code\modules\events\traders.dm:57:error: event_announcement.Announce: undefined var
code\modules\events\traders.dm:59:error: unused_trade_stations: undefined var
code\modules\events\vent_clog.dm:9:error: event_announcement.Announce: undefined var
code\modules\events\wallrot.dm:6:error: event_announcement.Announce: undefined var
code\modules\events\wormholes.dm:24:error: event_announcement.Announce: undefined var
code\datums\outfits\outfit_admin.dm:1051:error: JUMPBLOCK: undefined var
code\datums\outfits\outfit_admin.dm:1052:error: JUMPBLOCK: undefined var
code\game\jobs\job\job.dm:176:error: gear_datums: undefined var
code\game\jobs\job\security.dm:152:error: SOBERBLOCK: undefined var
code\game\jobs\job\support.dm:36:error: SOBERBLOCK: undefined var
code\game\jobs\job\support.dm:37:error: SOBERBLOCK: undefined var
code\game\jobs\job\support.dm:38:error: SOBERBLOCK: undefined var
code\game\jobs\job\support.dm:289:error: CLUMSYBLOCK: undefined var
code\game\jobs\job\support.dm:290:error: CLUMSYBLOCK: undefined var
code\game\jobs\job\support.dm:291:error: CLUMSYBLOCK: undefined var
code\game\jobs\job\support.dm:293:error: COMICBLOCK: undefined var
code\game\jobs\job\support.dm:294:error: COMICBLOCK: undefined var
code\game\jobs\job\support.dm:295:error: COMICBLOCK: undefined var
code\game\jobs\job\syndicate.dm:54:error: huds: undefined var
code\datums\status_effects\buffs.dm:116:error: huds: undefined var
code\datums\status_effects\buffs.dm:122:error: huds: undefined var
code\datums\status_effects\debuffs.dm:110:error: alldirs: undefined var
code\datums\weather\weather_types\ash_storm.dm:39:error: space_manager.areas_in_z: undefined var
code\datums\weather\weather_types\radiation_storm.dm:29:error: maint_all_access: undefined var
code\datums\weather\weather_types\radiation_storm.dm:30:error: maint_all_access: undefined var
code\datums\weather\weather_types\radiation_storm.dm:54:error: priority_announcement.Announce: undefined var
code\datums\wires\nuclearbomb.dm:75:error: bomb_set: undefined var
code\datums\wires\wires.dm:42:error: same_wires: undefined var
code\datums\wires\wires.dm:44:error: same_wires: undefined var
code\datums\wires\wires.dm:46:error: same_wires: undefined var
code\datums\wires\wires.dm:54:error: wireColours.Copy: undefined var
code\datums\wires\wires.dm:84:error: physical_state: undefined var
code\game\dna\dna2.dm:360:error: reg_dna: undefined var
code\game\dna\genes\disabilities.dm:57:error: HALLUCINATIONBLOCK: undefined var
code\game\dna\genes\disabilities.dm:67:error: EPILEPSYBLOCK: undefined var
code\game\dna\genes\disabilities.dm:77:error: COUGHBLOCK: undefined var
code\game\dna\genes\disabilities.dm:87:error: CLUMSYBLOCK: undefined var
code\game\dna\genes\disabilities.dm:97:error: TWITCHBLOCK: undefined var
code\game\dna\genes\disabilities.dm:106:error: NERVOUSBLOCK: undefined var
code\game\dna\genes\disabilities.dm:117:error: BLINDBLOCK: undefined var
code\game\dna\genes\disabilities.dm:136:error: COLOURBLINDBLOCK: undefined var
code\game\dna\genes\disabilities.dm:156:error: DEAFBLOCK: undefined var
code\game\dna\genes\disabilities.dm:170:error: GLASSESBLOCK: undefined var
code\game\dna\genes\disabilities.dm:189:error: LISPBLOCK: undefined var
code\game\dna\genes\disabilities.dm:202:error: COMICBLOCK: undefined var
code\game\dna\genes\disabilities.dm:213:error: WINGDINGSBLOCK: undefined var
code\game\dna\genes\goon_disabilities.dm:20:error: MUTEBLOCK: undefined var
code\game\dna\genes\goon_disabilities.dm:39:error: RADBLOCK: undefined var
code\game\dna\genes\goon_disabilities.dm:79:error: FATBLOCK: undefined var
code\game\dna\genes\goon_disabilities.dm:91:error: CHAVBLOCK: undefined var
code\game\dna\genes\goon_disabilities.dm:130:error: SWEDEBLOCK: undefined var
code\game\dna\genes\vg_disabilities.dm:11:error: LOUDBLOCK: undefined var
code\game\dna\genes\goon_disabilities.dm:160:error: SCRAMBLEBLOCK: undefined var
code\game\dna\genes\goon_disabilities.dm:200:error: STRONGBLOCK: undefined var
code\game\dna\genes\goon_disabilities.dm:212:error: HORNSBLOCK: undefined var
code\game\dna\genes\vg_disabilities.dm:31:error: DIZZYBLOCK: undefined var
code\game\dna\genes\goon_disabilities.dm:230:error: IMMOLATEBLOCK: undefined var
code\game\dna\genes\goon_powers.dm:126:error: CRYOBLOCK: undefined var
code\game\dna\genes\goon_powers.dm:218:error: EATBLOCK: undefined var
code\game\dna\genes\goon_powers.dm:371:error: JUMPBLOCK: undefined var
code\game\dna\genes\goon_powers.dm:466:error: POLYMORPHBLOCK: undefined var
code\game\dna\genes\goon_powers.dm:515:error: EMPATHBLOCK: undefined var
code\game\dna\genes\vg_powers.dm:14:error: MORPHBLOCK: undefined var
code\game\dna\genes\vg_powers.dm:189:error: REMOTETALKBLOCK: undefined var
code\game\dna\genes\vg_powers.dm:348:error: REMOTEVIEWBLOCK: undefined var
code\game\dna\genes\goon_powers.dm:12:error: SOBERBLOCK: undefined var
code\game\dna\genes\goon_powers.dm:24:error: PSYRESISTBLOCK: undefined var
code\game\dna\genes\goon_powers.dm:54:error: SHADOWBLOCK: undefined var
code\game\dna\genes\goon_powers.dm:76:error: CHAMELEONBLOCK: undefined var
code\game\dna\genes\powers.dm:14:error: BREATHLESSBLOCK: undefined var
code\game\dna\genes\powers.dm:25:error: REGENERATEBLOCK: undefined var
code\game\dna\genes\powers.dm:35:error: INCREASERUNBLOCK: undefined var
code\game\dna\genes\powers.dm:54:error: COLDBLOCK: undefined var
code\game\dna\genes\powers.dm:67:error: FIREBLOCK: undefined var
code\game\dna\genes\powers.dm:80:error: NOPRINTSBLOCK: undefined var
code\game\dna\genes\powers.dm:90:error: SHOCKIMMUNITYBLOCK: undefined var
code\game\dna\genes\powers.dm:100:error: SMALLSIZEBLOCK: undefined var
code\game\dna\genes\powers.dm:124:error: HULKBLOCK: undefined var
code\game\dna\genes\powers.dm:148:error: HULKBLOCK: undefined var
code\game\dna\genes\powers.dm:149:error: HULKBLOCK: undefined var
code\game\dna\genes\powers.dm:164:error: XRAYBLOCK: undefined var
code\game\dna\genes\powers.dm:185:error: TELEBLOCK: undefined var
code\game\dna\genes\monkey.dm:5:error: MONKEYBLOCK: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\game_mode.dm:83:error: start_state: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\game_mode.dm:84:error: start_state.count: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\game_mode.dm:95:error: message_servers: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\game_mode.dm:96:error: message_servers: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\game_mode.dm:103:error: PDAs: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\game_mode.dm:295:error: command_positions.Copy: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\game_mode.dm:306:error: command_positions.Copy: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\game_mode.dm:316:error: security_positions: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\game_mode.dm:325:error: security_positions: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\game_mode.dm:515:error: huds: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\game_mode.dm:520:error: huds: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\blob\blob.dm:204:error: huds: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\blob\blob.dm:209:error: huds: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\changeling\changeling.dm:165:error: huds: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\changeling\changeling.dm:170:error: huds: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\cult\cult.dm:216:error: huds: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\cult\cult.dm:222:error: huds: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\devil\game_mode.dm:37:error: lawlorify: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\devil\game_mode.dm:37:error: lawlorify: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\devil\game_mode.dm:37:error: lawlorify: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\devil\game_mode.dm:37:error: lawlorify: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\devil\game_mode.dm:50:error: lawlorify: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\devil\game_mode.dm:51:error: lawlorify: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\devil\game_mode.dm:79:error: lawlorify: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\devil\game_mode.dm:80:error: lawlorify: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\devil\game_mode.dm:81:error: lawlorify: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\devil\game_mode.dm:82:error: lawlorify: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\devil\game_mode.dm:86:error: huds: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\devil\game_mode.dm:91:error: huds: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\heist\heist.dm:130:error: cortical_stacks: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\heist\heist.dm:136:error: cortical_stacks.len: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\heist\heist.dm:139:error: cortical_stacks: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\miniantags\abduction\abduction.dm:277:error: huds: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\miniantags\abduction\abduction.dm:282:error: huds: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\nuclear\nuclear.dm:81:error: huds: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\nuclear\nuclear.dm:86:error: huds: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\nuclear\nuclear.dm:405:error: world_uplinks: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\revolution\revolution.dm:232:error: command_positions: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\revolution\revolution.dm:286:error: huds: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\revolution\revolution.dm:294:error: huds: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\shadowling\shadowling.dm:174:error: command_announcement.Announce: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\shadowling\shadowling.dm:325:error: huds: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\shadowling\shadowling.dm:331:error: huds: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\traitor\traitor.dm:105:error: world_uplinks: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\vampire\vampire.dm:362:error: huds: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\vampire\vampire.dm:367:error: huds: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\wizard\wizard.dm:71:error: huds: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\wizard\wizard.dm:76:error: huds: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\game_mode.dm:332:error: newscaster_standard_feeds: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\blob\blob.dm:199:error: event_announcement.Announce: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\blob\blob_report.dm:45:error: event_announcement.Announce: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\blob\blob_finish.dm:4:error: blobs.len: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\blob\blob_finish.dm:6:error: blob_cores.len: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\blob\blob_finish.dm:12:error: blobs.len: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\blob\blob_finish.dm:24:error: blob_cores.len: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\cult\cult.dm:113:error: summon_spots.len: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\cult\cult.dm:114:error: summon_spots.len: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\cult\cult.dm:115:error: summon_spots: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\cult\cult.dm:117:error: summon_spots: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\cult\cult.dm:149:error: summon_spots: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\cult\cult.dm:265:error: centcom_areas: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\cult\cult_objectives.dm:117:error: summon_spots: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\cult\cult_objectives.dm:120:error: summon_spots: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\cult\cult_objectives.dm:257:error: centcom_areas: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\heist\heist.dm:72:error: raider_spawn.len: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\heist\heist.dm:75:error: raider_spawn: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\meteor\meteor.dm:16:error: command_announcement.Announce: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\meteor\meteor.dm:28:error: meteors_normal: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\miniantags\abduction\abduction.dm:50:error: possible_changeling_IDs: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\nuclear\nuclear.dm:440:error: score_opkilled: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\nuclear\nuclear.dm:444:error: score_opkilled: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\nuclear\nuclear.dm:447:error: score_arrested: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\nuclear\nuclear.dm:449:error: score_arrested: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\nuclear\nuclear.dm:450:error: score_allarrested: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\nuclear\nuclear.dm:461:error: score_nuked_penalty: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\nuclear\nuclear.dm:464:error: score_nuked_penalty: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\nuclear\nuclear.dm:467:error: score_nuked_penalty: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\nuclear\nuclear.dm:470:error: score_nuked_penalty: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\nuclear\nuclear.dm:474:error: score_opkilled: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\nuclear\nuclear.dm:475:error: score_arrested: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\nuclear\nuclear.dm:476:error: score_crewscore: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\nuclear\nuclear.dm:477:error: score_crewscore: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\nuclear\nuclear.dm:478:error: score_nuked: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\nuclear\nuclear.dm:479:error: score_crewscore: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\nuclear\nuclear.dm:479:error: score_nuked_penalty: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\nuclear\nuclear.dm:527:error: score_arrested: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\nuclear\nuclear.dm:527:error: score_arrested: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\nuclear\nuclear.dm:528:error: score_allarrested: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\nuclear\nuclear.dm:530:error: score_opkilled: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\nuclear\nuclear.dm:530:error: score_opkilled: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\nuclear\nuclear.dm:531:error: score_nuked: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\nuclear\nuclear.dm:531:error: score_nuked_penalty: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\revolution\revolution.dm:221:error: command_announcement.Announce: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\revolution\revolution.dm:375:error: score_opkilled: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\revolution\revolution.dm:379:error: score_opkilled: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\revolution\revolution.dm:382:error: score_arrested: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\revolution\revolution.dm:384:error: score_arrested: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\revolution\revolution.dm:385:error: score_allarrested: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\revolution\revolution.dm:392:error: score_deadcommand: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\revolution\revolution.dm:395:error: score_arrested: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\revolution\revolution.dm:396:error: score_opkilled: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\revolution\revolution.dm:397:error: score_deadcommand: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\revolution\revolution.dm:398:error: score_traitorswon: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\revolution\revolution.dm:399:error: score_crewscore: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\revolution\revolution.dm:401:error: score_crewscore: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\revolution\revolution.dm:402:error: score_crewscore: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\revolution\revolution.dm:403:error: score_crewscore: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\revolution\revolution.dm:441:error: score_arrested: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\revolution\revolution.dm:441:error: score_arrested: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\revolution\revolution.dm:442:error: score_allarrested: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\revolution\revolution.dm:444:error: score_opkilled: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\revolution\revolution.dm:444:error: score_opkilled: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\revolution\revolution.dm:445:error: score_deadcommand: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\revolution\revolution.dm:445:error: score_deadcommand: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\revolution\revolution.dm:446:error: score_traitorswon: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\revolution\revolution.dm:446:error: score_traitorswon: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\wizard\raginmages.dm:148:error: latejoin: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\wizard\wizard.dm:33:error: wizardstart.len: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\wizard\wizard.dm:40:error: wizardstart: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\objective.dm:380:error: potential_theft_objectives: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\objective.dm:362:error: potential_theft_objectives: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\changeling\changeling.dm:256:error: possible_changeling_IDs.len: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\changeling\changeling.dm:257:error: possible_changeling_IDs: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\changeling\changeling.dm:258:error: possible_changeling_IDs: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\devil\devilinfo.dm:447:error: blobstart.len: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\devil\devilinfo.dm:449:error: blobstart: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\devil\devilinfo.dm:459:error: blobstart.len: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\devil\devilinfo.dm:460:error: blobstart: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\devil\devilinfo.dm:514:error: lawlorify: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\devil\devilinfo.dm:515:error: lawlorify: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\devil\devilinfo.dm:516:error: lawlorify: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\devil\devilinfo.dm:517:error: lawlorify: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\malfunction\Malf_Modules.dm:725:error: cameranet.cameras: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\malfunction\Malf_Modules.dm:733:error: cameranet.updateVisibility: undefined var
code\modules\surgery\limb_reattach.dm:163:error: all_robolimbs: undefined var
code\modules\surgery\robotics.dm:578:error: selectable_robolimbs: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\chemistry\reagents\drugs.dm:12:error: cardinal: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\chemistry\reagents\drugs.dm:48:error: cardinal: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\chemistry\reagents\misc.dm:313:error: random_color_list: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\chemistry\reagents\misc.dm:317:error: random_color_list: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\chemistry\reagents\misc.dm:320:error: random_color_list: undefined var
code\modules\admin\admin.dm:200:error: assigned_blocks: undefined var
code\modules\admin\admin.dm:309:error: news_network.wanted_issue: undefined var
code\modules\admin\admin.dm:319:error: news_network.wanted_issue: undefined var
code\modules\admin\admin.dm:330:error: news_network.network_channels: undefined var
code\modules\admin\admin.dm:333:error: news_network.network_channels: undefined var
code\modules\admin\admin.dm:380:error: news_network.network_channels: undefined var
code\modules\admin\admin.dm:417:error: news_network.network_channels: undefined var
code\modules\admin\admin.dm:420:error: news_network.network_channels: undefined var
code\modules\admin\admin.dm:430:error: news_network.network_channels: undefined var
code\modules\admin\admin.dm:433:error: news_network.network_channels: undefined var
code\modules\admin\admin.dm:473:error: news_network.wanted_issue: undefined var
code\modules\admin\admin.dm:484:error: news_network.wanted_issue.backup_author: undefined var
code\modules\admin\admin.dm:514:error: news_network.wanted_issue.backup_author: undefined var
code\modules\admin\admin.dm:514:error: news_network.wanted_issue.author: undefined var
code\modules\admin\admin.dm:514:error: news_network.wanted_issue.body: undefined var
code\modules\admin\admin.dm:515:error: news_network.wanted_issue.img: undefined var
code\modules\admin\admin.dm:516:error: news_network.wanted_issue.img: undefined var
code\modules\admin\admin.dm:539:error: jobban_keylist: undefined var
code\modules\admin\admin.dm:555:error: master_mode: undefined var
code\modules\admin\admin.dm:717:error: enter_allowed: undefined var
code\modules\admin\admin.dm:717:error: enter_allowed: undefined var
code\modules\admin\admin.dm:718:error: enter_allowed: undefined var
code\modules\admin\admin.dm:753:error: abandon_allowed: undefined var
code\modules\admin\admin.dm:753:error: abandon_allowed: undefined var
code\modules\admin\admin.dm:754:error: abandon_allowed: undefined var
code\modules\admin\admin.dm:758:error: abandon_allowed: undefined var
code\modules\admin\admin.dm:759:error: abandon_allowed: undefined var
code\modules\admin\admin.dm:771:error: aliens_allowed: undefined var
code\modules\admin\admin.dm:771:error: aliens_allowed: undefined var
code\modules\admin\admin.dm:772:error: aliens_allowed: undefined var
code\modules\admin\admin.dm:773:error: aliens_allowed: undefined var
code\modules\admin\admin.dm:789:error: going: undefined var
code\modules\admin\admin.dm:790:error: going: undefined var
code\modules\admin\admin.dm:795:error: going: undefined var
code\modules\admin\admin.dm:902:error: guests_allowed: undefined var
code\modules\admin\admin.dm:902:error: guests_allowed: undefined var
code\modules\admin\admin.dm:903:error: guests_allowed: undefined var
code\modules\admin\admin.dm:907:error: guests_allowed: undefined var
code\modules\admin\admin.dm:908:error: guests_allowed: undefined var
code\modules\admin\create_mob.dm:3:error: create_mob_html: undefined var
code\modules\admin\create_mob.dm:6:error: create_mob_html: undefined var
code\modules\admin\create_mob.dm:7:error: create_mob_html: undefined var
code\modules\admin\create_mob.dm:7:error: create_mob_html: undefined var
code\modules\admin\create_mob.dm:9:error: create_mob_html: undefined var
code\modules\admin\create_object.dm:5:error: create_object_html: undefined var
code\modules\admin\create_object.dm:8:error: create_object_html: undefined var
code\modules\admin\create_object.dm:9:error: create_object_html: undefined var
code\modules\admin\create_object.dm:9:error: create_object_html: undefined var
code\modules\admin\create_object.dm:11:error: create_object_html: undefined var
code\modules\admin\create_object.dm:14:error: create_object_forms: undefined var
code\modules\admin\create_object.dm:15:error: create_object_forms: undefined var
code\modules\admin\create_object.dm:21:error: create_object_forms: undefined var
code\modules\admin\NewBan.dm:175:error: Banlist.cd: undefined var
code\modules\admin\NewBan.dm:176:error: Banlist.dir: undefined var
code\modules\admin\NewBan.dm:178:error: Banlist.cd: undefined var
code\modules\admin\NewBan.dm:180:error: Banlist: undefined var
code\modules\admin\NewBan.dm:181:error: Banlist: undefined var
code\modules\admin\NewBan.dm:182:error: Banlist: undefined var
code\modules\admin\NewBan.dm:183:error: Banlist: undefined var
code\modules\admin\NewBan.dm:184:error: Banlist: undefined var
code\modules\admin\NewBan.dm:186:error: Banlist: undefined var
code\modules\admin\NewBan.dm:187:error: Banlist: undefined var
code\modules\admin\player_panel.dm:468:error: blobs.len: undefined var
code\modules\admin\player_panel.dm:544:error: ts_spiderlist.len: undefined var
code\modules\admin\player_panel.dm:546:error: ts_spiderlist: undefined var
code\modules\admin\player_panel.dm:554:error: ts_egg_list: undefined var
code\modules\admin\player_panel.dm:557:error: ts_spiderling_list: undefined var
code\modules\admin\secrets.dm:41:error: lastsignalers: undefined var
code\modules\admin\secrets.dm:41:error: lawchanges: undefined var
code\modules\admin\DB ban\functions.dm:8:error: dbcon.IsConnected: undefined var
code\modules\admin\DB ban\functions.dm:89:error: dbcon.NewQuery: undefined var
code\modules\admin\DB ban\functions.dm:130:error: dbcon.NewQuery: undefined var
code\modules\admin\DB ban\functions.dm:139:error: dbcon.NewQuery: undefined var
code\modules\admin\DB ban\functions.dm:204:error: dbcon.IsConnected: undefined var
code\modules\admin\DB ban\functions.dm:210:error: dbcon.NewQuery: undefined var
code\modules\admin\DB ban\functions.dm:244:error: dbcon.NewQuery: undefined var
code\modules\admin\DB ban\functions.dm:274:error: dbcon.NewQuery: undefined var
code\modules\admin\DB ban\functions.dm:284:error: dbcon.NewQuery: undefined var
code\modules\admin\DB ban\functions.dm:307:error: dbcon.IsConnected: undefined var
code\modules\admin\DB ban\functions.dm:313:error: dbcon.NewQuery: undefined var
code\modules\admin\DB ban\functions.dm:337:error: dbcon.NewQuery: undefined var
code\modules\admin\DB ban\functions.dm:362:error: dbcon.IsConnected: undefined var
code\modules\admin\DB ban\functions.dm:395:error: nonhuman_positions: undefined var
code\modules\admin\DB ban\functions.dm:397:error: other_roles: undefined var
code\modules\admin\DB ban\functions.dm:401:error: antag_roles: undefined var
code\modules\admin\DB ban\functions.dm:501:error: dbcon.NewQuery: undefined var
code\modules\admin\permissionverbs\permissionedit.dm:28:error: admin_datums: undefined var
code\modules\admin\permissionverbs\permissionedit.dm:29:error: admin_datums: undefined var
code\modules\admin\permissionverbs\permissionedit.dm:65:error: dbcon.IsConnected: undefined var
code\modules\admin\permissionverbs\permissionedit.dm:80:error: dbcon.NewQuery: undefined var
code\modules\admin\permissionverbs\permissionedit.dm:91:error: dbcon.NewQuery: undefined var
code\modules\admin\permissionverbs\permissionedit.dm:93:error: dbcon.NewQuery: undefined var
code\modules\admin\permissionverbs\permissionedit.dm:98:error: dbcon.NewQuery: undefined var
code\modules\admin\permissionverbs\permissionedit.dm:100:error: dbcon.NewQuery: undefined var
code\modules\admin\permissionverbs\permissionedit.dm:115:error: dbcon.IsConnected: undefined var
code\modules\admin\permissionverbs\permissionedit.dm:133:error: dbcon.NewQuery: undefined var
code\modules\admin\permissionverbs\permissionedit.dm:147:error: dbcon.NewQuery: undefined var
code\modules\admin\permissionverbs\permissionedit.dm:149:error: dbcon.NewQuery: undefined var
code\modules\admin\permissionverbs\permissionedit.dm:153:error: dbcon.NewQuery: undefined var
code\modules\admin\permissionverbs\permissionedit.dm:155:error: dbcon.NewQuery: undefined var
code\modules\admin\permissionverbs\permissionedit.dm:161:error: dbcon.IsConnected: undefined var
code\modules\admin\permissionverbs\permissionedit.dm:168:error: dbcon.NewQuery: undefined var
code\modules\admin\verbs\one_click_antag.dm:180:error: summon_spots.len: undefined var
code\modules\admin\verbs\one_click_antag.dm:181:error: summon_spots.len: undefined var
code\modules\admin\verbs\one_click_antag.dm:182:error: summon_spots: undefined var
code\modules\admin\verbs\one_click_antag.dm:184:error: summon_spots: undefined var
code\modules\admin\verbs\one_click_antag.dm:516:error: cortical_stacks: undefined var
code\modules\library\admin.dm:40:error: dbcon.NewQuery: undefined var
code\modules\paperwork\fax.dm:40:error: adminfaxes: undefined var
code\modules\paperwork\fax.dm:69:error: faxes: undefined var
code\modules\admin\holder2.dm:26:error: admin_datums: undefined var
code\modules\admin\topic.dm:186:error: admin_datums: undefined var
code\modules\admin\topic.dm:197:error: admin_datums: undefined var
code\modules\admin\topic.dm:202:error: admin_datums: undefined var
code\modules\admin\topic.dm:212:error: admin_ranks.len: undefined var
code\modules\admin\topic.dm:213:error: admin_ranks: undefined var
code\modules\admin\topic.dm:230:error: admin_ranks.len: undefined var
code\modules\admin\topic.dm:231:error: admin_ranks: undefined var
code\modules\admin\topic.dm:232:error: admin_ranks: undefined var
code\modules\admin\topic.dm:234:error: admin_ranks: undefined var
code\modules\admin\topic.dm:238:error: admin_ranks: undefined var
code\modules\admin\topic.dm:311:error: minor_announcement.Announce: undefined var
code\modules\admin\topic.dm:372:error: Banlist.cd: undefined var
code\modules\admin\topic.dm:373:error: Banlist: undefined var
code\modules\admin\topic.dm:391:error: Banlist.cd: undefined var
code\modules\admin\topic.dm:392:error: Banlist: undefined var
code\modules\admin\topic.dm:393:error: Banlist: undefined var
code\modules\admin\topic.dm:395:error: Banlist: undefined var
code\modules\admin\topic.dm:397:error: Banlist: undefined var
code\modules\admin\topic.dm:398:error: Banlist.cd: undefined var
code\modules\admin\topic.dm:406:error: CMinutes: undefined var
code\modules\admin\topic.dm:407:error: CMinutes: undefined var
code\modules\admin\topic.dm:411:error: CMinutes: undefined var
code\modules\admin\topic.dm:424:error: Banlist.cd: undefined var
code\modules\admin\topic.dm:425:error: Banlist: undefined var
code\modules\admin\topic.dm:426:error: Banlist: undefined var
code\modules\admin\topic.dm:427:error: Banlist: undefined var
code\modules\admin\topic.dm:428:error: Banlist: undefined var
code\modules\admin\topic.dm:429:error: Banlist.cd: undefined var
code\modules\admin\topic.dm:515:error: command_positions: undefined var
code\modules\admin\topic.dm:516:error: command_positions: undefined var
code\modules\admin\topic.dm:536:error: security_positions: undefined var
code\modules\admin\topic.dm:537:error: security_positions: undefined var
code\modules\admin\topic.dm:557:error: engineering_positions: undefined var
code\modules\admin\topic.dm:558:error: engineering_positions: undefined var
code\modules\admin\topic.dm:578:error: medical_positions: undefined var
code\modules\admin\topic.dm:579:error: medical_positions: undefined var
code\modules\admin\topic.dm:599:error: science_positions: undefined var
code\modules\admin\topic.dm:600:error: science_positions: undefined var
code\modules\admin\topic.dm:620:error: support_positions: undefined var
code\modules\admin\topic.dm:621:error: support_positions: undefined var
code\modules\admin\topic.dm:641:error: nonhuman_positions: undefined var
code\modules\admin\topic.dm:642:error: nonhuman_positions: undefined var
code\modules\admin\topic.dm:678:error: antag_roles: undefined var
code\modules\admin\topic.dm:695:error: other_roles: undefined var
code\modules\admin\topic.dm:710:error: whitelisted_positions: undefined var
code\modules\admin\topic.dm:711:error: whitelisted_positions: undefined var
code\modules\admin\topic.dm:757:error: command_positions: undefined var
code\modules\admin\topic.dm:763:error: security_positions: undefined var
code\modules\admin\topic.dm:769:error: engineering_positions: undefined var
code\modules\admin\topic.dm:775:error: medical_positions: undefined var
code\modules\admin\topic.dm:781:error: science_positions: undefined var
code\modules\admin\topic.dm:787:error: support_positions: undefined var
code\modules\admin\topic.dm:794:error: nonhuman_positions: undefined var
code\modules\admin\topic.dm:800:error: whitelisted_positions: undefined var
code\modules\admin\topic.dm:956:error: dbcon.NewQuery: undefined var
code\modules\admin\topic.dm:1076:error: dbcon.NewQuery: undefined var
code\modules\admin\topic.dm:1109:error: master_mode: undefined var
code\modules\admin\topic.dm:1117:error: master_mode: undefined var
code\modules\admin\topic.dm:1123:error: secret_force_mode: undefined var
code\modules\admin\topic.dm:1131:error: master_mode: undefined var
code\modules\admin\topic.dm:1132:error: master_mode: undefined var
code\modules\admin\topic.dm:1133:error: master_mode: undefined var
code\modules\admin\topic.dm:1134:error: master_mode: undefined var
code\modules\admin\topic.dm:1136:error: master_mode: undefined var
code\modules\admin\topic.dm:1144:error: master_mode: undefined var
code\modules\admin\topic.dm:1146:error: secret_force_mode: undefined var
code\modules\admin\topic.dm:1147:error: secret_force_mode: undefined var
code\modules\admin\topic.dm:1148:error: secret_force_mode: undefined var
code\modules\admin\topic.dm:1234:error: prisonwarp: undefined var
code\modules\admin\topic.dm:1314:error: tdome1: undefined var
code\modules\admin\topic.dm:1344:error: tdome2: undefined var
code\modules\admin\topic.dm:1366:error: tdomeadmin: undefined var
code\modules\admin\topic.dm:1400:error: tdomeobserve: undefined var
code\modules\admin\topic.dm:1422:error: aroomwarp: undefined var
code\modules\admin\topic.dm:1670:error: BSACooldown: undefined var
code\modules\admin\topic.dm:1674:error: BSACooldown: undefined var
code\modules\admin\topic.dm:1676:error: BSACooldown: undefined var
code\modules\admin\topic.dm:1790:error: latejoin: undefined var
code\modules\admin\topic.dm:1806:error: REGENERATEBLOCK: undefined var
code\modules\admin\topic.dm:1807:error: REGENERATEBLOCK: undefined var
code\modules\admin\topic.dm:1812:error: REGENERATEBLOCK: undefined var
code\modules\admin\topic.dm:1812:error: BREATHLESSBLOCK: undefined var
code\modules\admin\topic.dm:1812:error: COLDBLOCK: undefined var
code\modules\admin\topic.dm:2059:error: using_map.station_short: undefined var
code\modules\admin\topic.dm:2137:error: ert_request_answered: undefined var
code\modules\admin\topic.dm:2201:error: alldepartments: undefined var
code\modules\admin\topic.dm:2201:error: hidden_departments: undefined var
code\modules\admin\topic.dm:2207:error: allfaxes: undefined var
code\modules\admin\topic.dm:2303:error: allfaxes: undefined var
code\modules\admin\topic.dm:2544:error: dbcon.NewQuery: undefined var
code\modules\admin\topic.dm:2619:error: gravity_is_on: undefined var
code\modules\admin\topic.dm:2619:error: gravity_is_on: undefined var
code\modules\admin\topic.dm:2621:error: gravity_is_on: undefined var
code\modules\admin\topic.dm:2624:error: gravity_is_on: undefined var
code\modules\admin\topic.dm:2627:error: event_announcement.Announce: undefined var
code\modules\admin\topic.dm:2631:error: event_announcement.Announce: undefined var
code\modules\admin\topic.dm:2661:error: prisonwarped.Find: undefined var
code\modules\admin\topic.dm:2686:error: prisonwarp: undefined var
code\modules\admin\topic.dm:2691:error: prisonsecuritywarp: undefined var
code\modules\admin\topic.dm:2692:error: prisonwarped: undefined var
code\modules\admin\topic.dm:2719:error: MAX_EX_LIGHT_RANGE: undefined var
code\modules\admin\topic.dm:2725:error: MAX_EX_DEVASTATION_RANGE: undefined var
code\modules\admin\topic.dm:2726:error: MAX_EX_HEAVY_RANGE: undefined var
code\modules\admin\topic.dm:2727:error: MAX_EX_LIGHT_RANGE: undefined var
code\modules\admin\topic.dm:2729:error: MAX_EX_FLASH_RANGE: undefined var
code\modules\admin\topic.dm:2730:error: MAX_EX_FLAME_RANGE: undefined var
code\modules\admin\topic.dm:2732:error: MAX_EX_DEVASTATION_RANGE: undefined var
code\modules\admin\topic.dm:2732:error: MAX_EX_HEAVY_RANGE: undefined var
code\modules\admin\topic.dm:2732:error: MAX_EX_LIGHT_RANGE: undefined var
code\modules\admin\topic.dm:2733:error: MAX_EX_DEVASTATION_RANGE: undefined var
code\modules\admin\topic.dm:2733:error: MAX_EX_HEAVY_RANGE: undefined var
code\modules\admin\topic.dm:2733:error: MAX_EX_LIGHT_RANGE: undefined var
code\modules\admin\topic.dm:2841:error: event_announcement.Announce: undefined var
code\modules\admin\topic.dm:2961:error: lastsignalers: undefined var
code\modules\admin\topic.dm:2962:error: lastsignalers: undefined var
code\modules\admin\topic.dm:2966:error: lawchanges: undefined var
code\modules\admin\topic.dm:2967:error: lawchanges: undefined var
code\modules\admin\topic.dm:3049:error: admin_log: undefined var
code\modules\admin\topic.dm:3051:error: admin_log.len: undefined var
code\modules\admin\topic.dm:3088:error: news_network.network_channels: undefined var
code\modules\admin\topic.dm:3103:error: news_network.network_channels: undefined var
code\modules\admin\topic.dm:3110:error: news_network.network_channels: undefined var
code\modules\admin\topic.dm:3130:error: news_network.network_channels: undefined var
code\modules\admin\topic.dm:3136:error: allCasters: undefined var
code\modules\admin\topic.dm:3160:error: news_network.wanted_issue: undefined var
code\modules\admin\topic.dm:3164:error: news_network.wanted_issue.author: undefined var
code\modules\admin\topic.dm:3165:error: news_network.wanted_issue.body: undefined var
code\modules\admin\topic.dm:3194:error: news_network.wanted_issue: undefined var
code\modules\admin\topic.dm:3195:error: allCasters: undefined var
code\modules\admin\topic.dm:3200:error: news_network.wanted_issue.author: undefined var
code\modules\admin\topic.dm:3201:error: news_network.wanted_issue.body: undefined var
code\modules\admin\topic.dm:3202:error: news_network.wanted_issue.backup_author: undefined var
code\modules\admin\topic.dm:3210:error: news_network.wanted_issue: undefined var
code\modules\admin\topic.dm:3211:error: allCasters: undefined var
code\modules\admin\topic.dm:3336:error: dbcon.NewQuery: undefined var
code\modules\admin\topic.dm:3361:error: dbcon.NewQuery: undefined var
code\modules\admin\topic.dm:3371:error: dbcon.NewQuery: undefined var
code\modules\admin\topic.dm:3388:error: dbcon.NewQuery: undefined var
code\game\jobs\job\silicon.dm:20:error: empty_playable_ai_cores.len: undefined var
code\game\jobs\job\supervisor.dm:26:error: captain_announcement.Announce: undefined var
code\modules\client\asset_cache.dm:159:error: asset_datums: undefined var
code\modules\client\asset_cache.dm:316:error: alldirs: undefined var
code\modules\client\asset_cache.dm:318:error: cardinal: undefined var
code\modules\client\asset_cache.dm:323:error: cardinal: undefined var
code\game\objects\effects\effect_system\effect_system.dm:64:error: cardinal: undefined var
code\game\objects\effects\effect_system\effect_system.dm:66:error: alldirs: undefined var
code\game\objects\effects\effect_system\effects_smoke.dm:100:error: cardinal: undefined var
code\game\objects\effects\effect_system\effects_smoke.dm:102:error: alldirs: undefined var
code\game\objects\effects\effect_system\effects_explosion.dm:18:error: alldirs: undefined var
code\game\objects\effects\effect_system\effects_other.dm:175:error: MAX_EX_DEVASTATION_RANGE: undefined var
code\game\objects\effects\effect_system\effects_other.dm:178:error: MAX_EX_HEAVY_RANGE: undefined var
code\game\objects\effects\effect_system\effects_other.dm:181:error: MAX_EX_LIGHT_RANGE: undefined var
code\game\objects\structures\musician.dm:124:error: default_state: undefined var
code\modules\antagonists\traitor\datum_mindslave.dm:47:error: huds: undefined var
code\modules\antagonists\traitor\datum_mindslave.dm:52:error: huds: undefined var
code\modules\antagonists\traitor\datum_traitor.dm:254:error: huds: undefined var
code\modules\antagonists\traitor\datum_traitor.dm:260:error: huds: undefined var
code\modules\antagonists\wishgranter\wishgranter.dm:25:error: HULKBLOCK: undefined var
code\modules\antagonists\wishgranter\wishgranter.dm:26:error: HULKBLOCK: undefined var
code\modules\antagonists\wishgranter\wishgranter.dm:28:error: XRAYBLOCK: undefined var
code\modules\antagonists\wishgranter\wishgranter.dm:29:error: XRAYBLOCK: undefined var
code\modules\antagonists\wishgranter\wishgranter.dm:31:error: FIREBLOCK: undefined var
code\modules\antagonists\wishgranter\wishgranter.dm:32:error: FIREBLOCK: undefined var
code\modules\antagonists\wishgranter\wishgranter.dm:34:error: COLDBLOCK: undefined var
code\modules\antagonists\wishgranter\wishgranter.dm:35:error: COLDBLOCK: undefined var
code\modules\antagonists\wishgranter\wishgranter.dm:37:error: TELEBLOCK: undefined var
code\modules\antagonists\wishgranter\wishgranter.dm:38:error: TELEBLOCK: undefined var
code\modules\antagonists\wishgranter\wishgranter.dm:40:error: INCREASERUNBLOCK: undefined var
code\modules\antagonists\wishgranter\wishgranter.dm:41:error: INCREASERUNBLOCK: undefined var
code\modules\antagonists\wishgranter\wishgranter.dm:43:error: BREATHLESSBLOCK: undefined var
code\modules\antagonists\wishgranter\wishgranter.dm:44:error: BREATHLESSBLOCK: undefined var
code\modules\antagonists\wishgranter\wishgranter.dm:46:error: REGENERATEBLOCK: undefined var
code\modules\antagonists\wishgranter\wishgranter.dm:47:error: REGENERATEBLOCK: undefined var
code\modules\antagonists\wishgranter\wishgranter.dm:49:error: SHOCKIMMUNITYBLOCK: undefined var
code\modules\antagonists\wishgranter\wishgranter.dm:50:error: SHOCKIMMUNITYBLOCK: undefined var
code\modules\antagonists\wishgranter\wishgranter.dm:52:error: SMALLSIZEBLOCK: undefined var
code\modules\antagonists\wishgranter\wishgranter.dm:53:error: SMALLSIZEBLOCK: undefined var
code\modules\antagonists\wishgranter\wishgranter.dm:55:error: SOBERBLOCK: undefined var
code\modules\antagonists\wishgranter\wishgranter.dm:56:error: SOBERBLOCK: undefined var
code\modules\antagonists\wishgranter\wishgranter.dm:58:error: PSYRESISTBLOCK: undefined var
code\modules\antagonists\wishgranter\wishgranter.dm:59:error: PSYRESISTBLOCK: undefined var
code\modules\antagonists\wishgranter\wishgranter.dm:61:error: SHADOWBLOCK: undefined var
code\modules\antagonists\wishgranter\wishgranter.dm:62:error: SHADOWBLOCK: undefined var
code\modules\antagonists\wishgranter\wishgranter.dm:64:error: CRYOBLOCK: undefined var
code\modules\antagonists\wishgranter\wishgranter.dm:65:error: CRYOBLOCK: undefined var
code\modules\antagonists\wishgranter\wishgranter.dm:67:error: EATBLOCK: undefined var
code\modules\antagonists\wishgranter\wishgranter.dm:68:error: EATBLOCK: undefined var
code\modules\antagonists\wishgranter\wishgranter.dm:70:error: JUMPBLOCK: undefined var
code\modules\antagonists\wishgranter\wishgranter.dm:71:error: JUMPBLOCK: undefined var
code\modules\antagonists\wishgranter\wishgranter.dm:73:error: IMMOLATEBLOCK: undefined var
code\modules\antagonists\wishgranter\wishgranter.dm:74:error: IMMOLATEBLOCK: undefined var
code\modules\arcade\prize_datums.dm:16:error: global_prizes.prizes: undefined var
code\modules\arcade\mob_hunt\mob_datums.dm:111:error: the_station_areas: undefined var
code\modules\atmos_automation\statements.dm:59:error: automation_types: undefined var
code\modules\atmos_automation\statements.dm:73:error: automation_types: undefined var
code\modules\atmos_automation\implementation\scrubbers.dm:134:error: gas_labels: undefined var
code\modules\buildmode\bm_mode.dm:55:error: T: undefined var
code\modules\buildmode\submodes\save.dm:26:error: maploader.save_map: undefined var
code\modules\busy_space\air_traffic.dm:32:error: using_map.station_short: undefined var
code\modules\busy_space\air_traffic.dm:32:error: global_announcer.autosay: undefined var
code\modules\busy_space\air_traffic.dm:37:error: using_map.station_name: undefined var
code\modules\busy_space\air_traffic.dm:41:error: using_map.station_name: undefined var
code\modules\busy_space\air_traffic.dm:45:error: using_map.station_name: undefined var
code\modules\busy_space\air_traffic.dm:45:error: using_map.dock_name: undefined var
code\modules\busy_space\air_traffic.dm:47:error: using_map.station_name: undefined var
code\modules\busy_space\air_traffic.dm:47:error: using_map.dock_name: undefined var
code\modules\busy_space\air_traffic.dm:50:error: loremaster.organizations: undefined var
code\modules\busy_space\air_traffic.dm:51:error: loremaster.organizations: undefined var
code\modules\busy_space\air_traffic.dm:53:error: loremaster.organizations: undefined var
code\modules\busy_space\air_traffic.dm:54:error: loremaster.organizations: undefined var
code\modules\busy_space\air_traffic.dm:64:error: using_map.station_short: undefined var
code\modules\busy_space\air_traffic.dm:64:error: using_map.station_short: undefined var
code\modules\busy_space\air_traffic.dm:64:error: using_map.station_short: undefined var
code\modules\busy_space\air_traffic.dm:64:error: using_map.station_short: undefined var
code\modules\busy_space\air_traffic.dm:65:error: using_map.dock_name: undefined var
code\modules\busy_space\air_traffic.dm:70:error: using_map.station_short: undefined var
code\modules\busy_space\air_traffic.dm:106:error: using_map.station_short: undefined var
code\modules\busy_space\air_traffic.dm:107:error: using_map.station_short: undefined var
code\modules\busy_space\air_traffic.dm:114:error: using_map.station_short: undefined var
code\modules\busy_space\air_traffic.dm:115:error: using_map.station_short: undefined var
code\modules\busy_space\air_traffic.dm:118:error: using_map.station_short: undefined var
code\modules\busy_space\air_traffic.dm:119:error: using_map.station_short: undefined var
code\modules\busy_space\organizations.dm:126:error: using_map.station_name: undefined var
code\modules\busy_space\organizations.dm:126:error: using_map.starsys_name: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference\preferences.dm:347:error: body_accessory_by_species: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference\preferences.dm:351:error: body_accessory_by_species: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference\preferences.dm:417:error: all_robolimbs: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference\preferences.dm:418:error: all_robolimbs: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference\preferences.dm:420:error: basic_robolimb: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference\preferences.dm:465:error: normal_ooc_colour: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference\preferences.dm:513:error: gear_datums: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference\preferences.dm:529:error: loadout_categories: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference\preferences.dm:540:error: loadout_categories: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference\preferences.dm:658:error: command_positions: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference\preferences.dm:1164:error: gear_datums: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference\preferences.dm:1174:error: gear_datums: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference\preferences.dm:1186:error: gear_datums: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference\preferences.dm:1207:error: all_robolimbs: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference\preferences.dm:1324:error: all_robolimbs: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference\preferences.dm:1457:error: all_robolimbs: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference\preferences.dm:1540:error: all_robolimbs: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference\preferences.dm:1617:error: body_accessory_by_name.Copy: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference\preferences.dm:1619:error: body_accessory_by_name: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference\preferences.dm:1620:error: body_accessory_by_name: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference\preferences.dm:1664:error: all_robolimbs: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference\preferences.dm:1754:error: body_accessory_by_species: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference\preferences.dm:1873:error: all_robolimbs: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference\preferences.dm:2212:error: body_accessory_by_name: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference\preferences.dm:2225:error: FATBLOCK: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference\preferences.dm:2227:error: FATBLOCK: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference\preferences.dm:2230:error: GLASSESBLOCK: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference\preferences.dm:2231:error: GLASSESBLOCK: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference\preferences.dm:2234:error: BLINDBLOCK: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference\preferences.dm:2235:error: BLINDBLOCK: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference\preferences.dm:2238:error: DEAFBLOCK: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference\preferences.dm:2239:error: DEAFBLOCK: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference\preferences.dm:2242:error: COLOURBLINDBLOCK: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference\preferences.dm:2243:error: COLOURBLINDBLOCK: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference\preferences.dm:2246:error: MUTEBLOCK: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference\preferences.dm:2247:error: MUTEBLOCK: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference\preferences.dm:2250:error: NERVOUSBLOCK: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference\preferences.dm:2251:error: NERVOUSBLOCK: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference\preferences.dm:2254:error: SWEDEBLOCK: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference\preferences.dm:2255:error: SWEDEBLOCK: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference\preferences.dm:2258:error: CHAVBLOCK: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference\preferences.dm:2259:error: CHAVBLOCK: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference\preferences.dm:2262:error: LISPBLOCK: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference\preferences.dm:2263:error: LISPBLOCK: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference\preferences.dm:2266:error: DIZZYBLOCK: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference\preferences.dm:2267:error: DIZZYBLOCK: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference\preferences.dm:2270:error: WINGDINGSBLOCK: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference\preferences.dm:2271:error: WINGDINGSBLOCK: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference\preferences.dm:2290:error: dbcon.NewQuery: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference\preferences_mysql.dm:3:error: dbcon.NewQuery: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference\preferences_mysql.dm:91:error: dbcon.NewQuery: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference\preferences_mysql.dm:129:error: dbcon.NewQuery: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference\preferences_mysql.dm:133:error: dbcon.NewQuery: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference\preferences_mysql.dm:342:error: dbcon.NewQuery: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference\preferences_mysql.dm:346:error: dbcon.NewQuery: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference\preferences_mysql.dm:409:error: dbcon.NewQuery: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference\preferences_mysql.dm:476:error: dbcon.NewQuery: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference\preferences_mysql.dm:496:error: preferences_datums: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference\preferences_mysql.dm:500:error: dbcon.NewQuery: undefined var
code\modules\mob\new_player\preferences_setup.dm:12:error: all_robolimbs: undefined var
code\modules\mob\new_player\preferences_setup.dm:20:error: body_accessory_by_species: undefined var
code\modules\mob\new_player\preferences_setup.dm:256:error: all_robolimbs: undefined var
code\modules\mob\new_player\preferences_setup.dm:257:error: basic_robolimb: undefined var
code\modules\mob\new_player\preferences_setup.dm:284:error: body_accessory_by_name: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference\preferences_spawnpoints.dm:31:error: latejoin: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference\preferences_spawnpoints.dm:39:error: latejoin_gateway: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference\preferences_spawnpoints.dm:48:error: latejoin_cryo: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference\preferences_spawnpoints.dm:57:error: latejoin_cyborg: undefined var
code\modules\clothing\spacesuits\breaches.dm:50:error: breach_burn_descriptors: undefined var
code\modules\clothing\spacesuits\breaches.dm:52:error: breach_brute_descriptors: undefined var
code\modules\crafting\craft.dm:300:error: not_incapacitated_turf_state: undefined var
code\modules\economy\utils.dm:51:error: current_date_string: undefined var
code\modules\economy\utils.dm:105:error: current_date_string: undefined var
code\modules\error_handler\error_viewer.dm:83:error: total_runtimes: undefined var
code\modules\error_handler\error_viewer.dm:83:error: total_runtimes_skipped: undefined var
code\modules\error_handler\error_viewer.dm:133:error: error_cache: undefined var
code\modules\events\event.dm:41:error: aliens_allowed: undefined var
code\modules\events\event_container.dm:49:error: severity_to_string: undefined var
code\modules\events\event_container.dm:68:error: event_last_fired: undefined var
code\modules\events\event_container.dm:116:error: severity_to_string: undefined var
code\modules\library\lib_machines.dm:101:error: dbcon.NewQuery: undefined var
code\modules\library\lib_machines.dm:114:error: dbcon.NewQuery: undefined var
code\modules\library\lib_machines.dm:124:error: dbcon.NewQuery: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\species\abductor.dm:40:error: huds: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\species\abductor.dm:45:error: huds: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\species\grey.dm:35:error: REMOTETALKBLOCK: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\species\grey.dm:36:error: REMOTETALKBLOCK: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\species\grey.dm:37:error: REMOTETALKBLOCK: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\species\monkey.dm:44:error: cardinal: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\species\monkey.dm:60:error: MONKEYBLOCK: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\species\monkey.dm:61:error: MONKEYBLOCK: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\pai\recruit.dm:255:error: paiController.pai_candidates: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\pai\software_modules.dm:22:error: self_state: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\pai\software_modules.dm:42:error: self_state: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\pai\software_modules.dm:97:error: self_state: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\pai\software_modules.dm:132:error: self_state: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\pai\software_modules.dm:135:error: data_core.get_manifest_json: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\pai\software_modules.dm:136:error: PDA_Manifest: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\pai\software_modules.dm:150:error: self_state: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\pai\software_modules.dm:168:error: PDAs: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\pai\software_modules.dm:240:error: self_state: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\pai\software_modules.dm:244:error: data_core.general: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\pai\software_modules.dm:269:error: data_core.general.Find: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\pai\software_modules.dm:273:error: data_core.medical: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\pai\software_modules.dm:293:error: self_state: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\pai\software_modules.dm:297:error: data_core.general: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\pai\software_modules.dm:322:error: data_core.general.Find: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\pai\software_modules.dm:328:error: data_core.security: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\pai\software_modules.dm:351:error: self_state: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\pai\software_modules.dm:427:error: self_state: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\pai\software_modules.dm:546:error: self_state: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\pai\software_modules.dm:589:error: self_state: undefined var
code\modules\modular_computers\file_system\computer_file.dm:15:error: file_uid: undefined var
code\modules\modular_computers\file_system\computer_file.dm:16:error: file_uid: undefined var
code\modules\modular_computers\file_system\programs\antagonist\dos.dm:54:error: ntnet_global.relays: undefined var
code\modules\modular_computers\file_system\programs\antagonist\dos.dm:69:error: ntnet_global.intrusion_detection_enabled: undefined var
code\modules\modular_computers\file_system\programs\antagonist\dos.dm:71:error: ntnet_global.add_log: undefined var
code\modules\modular_computers\file_system\programs\antagonist\dos.dm:72:error: ntnet_global.intrusion_detection_alarm: undefined var
code\modules\modular_computers\file_system\programs\antagonist\dos.dm:76:error: ntnet_global: undefined var
code\modules\modular_computers\file_system\programs\antagonist\dos.dm:99:error: ntnet_global.relays: undefined var
code\modules\modular_computers\file_system\programs\command\card.dm:108:error: time_last_changed_position: undefined var
code\modules\modular_computers\file_system\programs\command\card.dm:120:error: time_last_changed_position: undefined var
code\modules\modular_computers\file_system\programs\command\card.dm:183:error: data_core.manifest_modify: undefined var
code\modules\modular_computers\file_system\programs\command\card.dm:305:error: data_core: undefined var
code\modules\modular_computers\file_system\programs\command\card.dm:305:error: data_core.get_manifest: undefined var
code\modules\modular_computers\file_system\programs\command\card.dm:349:error: time_last_changed_position: undefined var
code\modules\modular_computers\file_system\programs\command\card.dm:365:error: time_last_changed_position: undefined var
code\modules\modular_computers\file_system\programs\command\card.dm:416:error: data_core: undefined var
code\modules\modular_computers\file_system\programs\command\card.dm:416:error: data_core.get_manifest: undefined var
code\modules\modular_computers\file_system\programs\command\card.dm:432:error: engineering_positions: undefined var
code\modules\modular_computers\file_system\programs\command\card.dm:433:error: medical_positions: undefined var
code\modules\modular_computers\file_system\programs\command\card.dm:434:error: science_positions: undefined var
code\modules\modular_computers\file_system\programs\command\card.dm:435:error: security_positions: undefined var
code\modules\modular_computers\file_system\programs\command\card.dm:436:error: support_positions: undefined var
code\modules\modular_computers\file_system\programs\command\card.dm:437:error: civilian_positions: undefined var
code\modules\modular_computers\file_system\programs\command\card.dm:438:error: whitelisted_positions: undefined var
code\modules\modular_computers\file_system\programs\command\card.dm:444:error: time_last_changed_position: undefined var
code\modules\modular_computers\file_system\programs\command\comms.dm:53:error: security_level: undefined var
code\modules\modular_computers\file_system\programs\command\comms.dm:61:error: security_level: undefined var
code\modules\modular_computers\file_system\programs\command\comms.dm:64:error: security_level: undefined var
code\modules\modular_computers\file_system\programs\command\comms.dm:104:error: default_state: undefined var
code\modules\modular_computers\file_system\programs\command\comms.dm:131:error: security_level: undefined var
code\modules\modular_computers\file_system\programs\command\comms.dm:329:error: priority_announcement.Announce: undefined var
code\modules\modular_computers\file_system\programs\engineering\power_monitor.dm:46:error: apc_repository.apc_data: undefined var
code\modules\modular_computers\file_system\programs\generic\ntdownloader.dm:24:error: ntnet_global.find_ntnet_file_by_name: undefined var
code\modules\modular_computers\file_system\programs\generic\ntdownloader.dm:40:error: ntnet_global.available_station_software: undefined var
code\modules\modular_computers\file_system\programs\generic\ntdownloader.dm:43:error: ntnet_global.available_antag_software: undefined var
code\modules\modular_computers\file_system\programs\generic\ntdownloader.dm:138:error: ntnet_global.available_station_software: undefined var
code\modules\modular_computers\file_system\programs\generic\ntdownloader.dm:154:error: ntnet_global.available_antag_software: undefined var
code\modules\modular_computers\file_system\programs\generic\ntnrc_client.dm:55:error: ntnet_global: undefined var
code\modules\modular_computers\file_system\programs\generic\ntnrc_client.dm:55:error: ntnet_global.chat_channels: undefined var
code\modules\modular_computers\file_system\programs\generic\ntnrc_client.dm:81:error: ntnet_global.chat_channels: undefined var
code\modules\modular_computers\file_system\programs\generic\ntnrc_client.dm:111:error: ntnet_global.chat_channels: undefined var
code\modules\modular_computers\file_system\programs\generic\nttransfer.dm:27:error: nttransfer_uid: undefined var
code\modules\modular_computers\file_system\programs\generic\nttransfer.dm:28:error: nttransfer_uid: undefined var
code\modules\modular_computers\file_system\programs\generic\nttransfer.dm:103:error: ntnet_global.fileservers: undefined var
code\modules\modular_computers\file_system\programs\generic\nttransfer.dm:121:error: ntnet_global.fileservers: undefined var
code\modules\modular_computers\file_system\programs\generic\nttransfer.dm:122:error: ntnet_global.fileservers.Remove: undefined var
code\modules\modular_computers\file_system\programs\generic\nttransfer.dm:148:error: ntnet_global.fileservers.Add: undefined var
code\modules\modular_computers\file_system\programs\generic\nttransfer.dm:186:error: ntnet_global.fileservers: undefined var
code\modules\modular_computers\file_system\programs\research\ntmonitor.dm:27:error: ntnet_global: undefined var
code\modules\modular_computers\file_system\programs\research\ntmonitor.dm:28:error: ntnet_global.resetIDS: undefined var
code\modules\modular_computers\file_system\programs\research\ntmonitor.dm:32:error: ntnet_global: undefined var
code\modules\modular_computers\file_system\programs\research\ntmonitor.dm:33:error: ntnet_global.toggleIDS: undefined var
code\modules\modular_computers\file_system\programs\research\ntmonitor.dm:37:error: ntnet_global: undefined var
code\modules\modular_computers\file_system\programs\research\ntmonitor.dm:41:error: ntnet_global.setting_disabled: undefined var
code\modules\modular_computers\file_system\programs\research\ntmonitor.dm:42:error: ntnet_global.setting_disabled: undefined var
code\modules\modular_computers\file_system\programs\research\ntmonitor.dm:51:error: ntnet_global.setting_disabled: undefined var
code\modules\modular_computers\file_system\programs\research\ntmonitor.dm:55:error: ntnet_global: undefined var
code\modules\modular_computers\file_system\programs\research\ntmonitor.dm:56:error: ntnet_global.purge_logs: undefined var
code\modules\modular_computers\file_system\programs\research\ntmonitor.dm:61:error: ntnet_global: undefined var
code\modules\modular_computers\file_system\programs\research\ntmonitor.dm:62:error: ntnet_global.update_max_log_count: undefined var
code\modules\modular_computers\file_system\programs\research\ntmonitor.dm:65:error: ntnet_global: undefined var
code\modules\modular_computers\file_system\programs\research\ntmonitor.dm:67:error: ntnet_global.toggle_function: undefined var
code\modules\modular_computers\file_system\programs\research\ntmonitor.dm:70:error: ntnet_global: undefined var
code\modules\modular_computers\file_system\programs\research\ntmonitor.dm:74:error: ntnet_global.check_function: undefined var
code\modules\modular_computers\file_system\programs\research\ntmonitor.dm:75:error: ntnet_global.relays.len: undefined var
code\modules\modular_computers\file_system\programs\research\ntmonitor.dm:76:error: ntnet_global.intrusion_detection_enabled: undefined var
code\modules\modular_computers\file_system\programs\research\ntmonitor.dm:77:error: ntnet_global.intrusion_detection_alarm: undefined var
code\modules\modular_computers\file_system\programs\research\ntmonitor.dm:79:error: ntnet_global.setting_softwaredownload: undefined var
code\modules\modular_computers\file_system\programs\research\ntmonitor.dm:80:error: ntnet_global.setting_peertopeer: undefined var
code\modules\modular_computers\file_system\programs\research\ntmonitor.dm:81:error: ntnet_global.setting_communication: undefined var
code\modules\modular_computers\file_system\programs\research\ntmonitor.dm:82:error: ntnet_global.setting_systemcontrol: undefined var
code\modules\modular_computers\file_system\programs\research\ntmonitor.dm:86:error: ntnet_global.logs: undefined var
code\modules\modular_computers\file_system\programs\research\ntmonitor.dm:88:error: ntnet_global.setting_maxlogcount: undefined var
code\modules\modular_computers\NTNet\NTNet.dm:29:error: ntnet_global: undefined var
code\modules\modular_computers\NTNet\NTNet.dm:29:error: ntnet_global: undefined var
code\modules\modular_computers\NTNet\NTNet.dm:30:error: ntnet_global: undefined var
code\modules\modular_computers\NTNet\NTNRC\conversation.dm:12:error: ntnrc_uid: undefined var
code\modules\modular_computers\NTNet\NTNRC\conversation.dm:13:error: ntnrc_uid: undefined var
code\modules\modular_computers\NTNet\NTNRC\conversation.dm:14:error: ntnet_global: undefined var
code\modules\modular_computers\NTNet\NTNRC\conversation.dm:15:error: ntnet_global.chat_channels.Add: undefined var
code\modules\modular_computers\NTNet\NTNRC\conversation.dm:19:error: ntnet_global: undefined var
code\modules\modular_computers\NTNet\NTNRC\conversation.dm:20:error: ntnet_global.chat_channels.Remove: undefined var
code\modules\nano\nanoui.dm:74:error: default_state: undefined var
code\modules\nano\nanoui.dm:179:error: using_map: undefined var
code\modules\nano\nanoui.dm:179:error: using_map.name: undefined var
code\modules\nano\nanoui.dm:179:error: using_map.name: undefined var
code\modules\nano\modules\alarm_monitor.dm:51:error: cameranet.cameras: undefined var
code\modules\nano\modules\alarm_monitor.dm:58:error: default_state: undefined var
code\modules\nano\modules\alarm_monitor.dm:65:error: default_state: undefined var
code\modules\nano\modules\atmos_control.dm:31:error: default_state: undefined var
code\modules\nano\modules\atmos_control.dm:42:error: default_state: undefined var
code\modules\nano\modules\atmos_control.dm:44:error: air_alarm_repository.air_alarm_data: undefined var
code\modules\nano\modules\crew_monitor.dm:19:error: default_state: undefined var
code\modules\nano\modules\crew_monitor.dm:34:error: default_state: undefined var
code\modules\nano\modules\crew_monitor.dm:39:error: crew_repository.health_data: undefined var
code\modules\nano\modules\ert_manager.dm:14:error: admin_state: undefined var
code\modules\nano\modules\ert_manager.dm:53:error: ert_request_answered: undefined var
code\modules\nano\modules\ert_manager.dm:73:error: event_announcement.Announce: undefined var
code\modules\nano\modules\human_appearance.dm:28:error: default_state: undefined var
code\modules\nano\modules\human_appearance.dm:176:error: default_state: undefined var
code\modules\nano\modules\human_appearance.dm:183:error: default_state: undefined var
code\modules\nano\modules\law_manager.dm:155:error: default_state: undefined var
code\modules\nano\modules\law_manager.dm:162:error: default_state: undefined var
code\modules\nano\modules\nano_module.dm:15:error: default_state: undefined var
code\modules\nano\modules\power_monitor.dm:14:error: default_state: undefined var
code\modules\nano\modules\power_monitor.dm:21:error: default_state: undefined var
code\modules\nano\modules\power_monitor.dm:27:error: powermonitor_repository.powermonitor_data: undefined var
code\modules\nano\modules\power_monitor.dm:36:error: apc_repository.apc_data: undefined var
code\modules\paperwork\fax.dm:15:error: faxes: undefined var
code\modules\paperwork\fax.dm:21:error: adminfaxes: undefined var
code\modules\response_team\ert.dm:260:error: event_announcement.Announce: undefined var
code\modules\response_team\ert.dm:263:error: event_announcement.Announce: undefined var
code\modules\response_team\ert.dm:276:error: event_announcement.Announce: undefined var
code\modules\response_team\ert.dm:289:error: event_announcement.Announce: undefined var
code\modules\response_team\ert.dm:303:error: event_announcement.Announce: undefined var
code\modules\space_management\space_level.dm:34:error: space_manager.linkage_map: undefined var
code\modules\space_management\space_level.dm:35:error: space_manager.linkage_map: undefined var
code\modules\space_management\space_level.dm:37:error: space_manager.unbuilt_space_transitions: undefined var
code\modules\space_management\space_level.dm:38:error: space_manager.z_list: undefined var
code\modules\space_management\space_level.dm:98:error: space_manager.unbuilt_space_transitions: undefined var
code\modules\space_management\space_level.dm:127:error: space_manager.linkage_map: undefined var
code\modules\space_management\space_level.dm:128:error: space_manager.linkage_map: undefined var
code\modules\space_management\space_level.dm:130:error: space_manager.unbuilt_space_transitions: undefined var
code\modules\space_management\space_level.dm:159:error: maploader_typecache: undefined var
code\modules\space_management\space_level.dm:160:error: atmos_machine_typecache: undefined var
code\modules\space_management\space_level.dm:161:error: cable_typecache: undefined var
code\modules\space_management\space_level.dm:196:error: space_manager.add_dirt: undefined var
code\modules\space_management\space_level.dm:200:error: space_manager.remove_dirt: undefined var
code\modules\space_management\space_transition.dm:66:error: space_manager.unbuilt_space_transitions: undefined var
code\modules\space_management\space_transition.dm:67:error: space_manager.unbuilt_space_transitions: undefined var
code\modules\space_management\space_transition.dm:172:error: space_manager.unbuilt_space_transitions: undefined var
code\modules\space_management\zlevel_manager.dm:20:error: map_transition_config.len: undefined var
code\modules\space_management\zlevel_manager.dm:24:error: map_transition_config: undefined var
code\modules\station_goals\station_goal.dm:15:error: priority_announcement.Announce: undefined var
code\modules\store\store.dm:43:error: current_date_string: undefined var
code\__HELPERS\_logging.dm:33:error: admin_log.Add: undefined var
code\__HELPERS\_logging.dm:35:error: log_end: undefined var
code\__HELPERS\_logging.dm:39:error: log_end: undefined var
code\__HELPERS\_logging.dm:47:error: log_end: undefined var
code\__HELPERS\_logging.dm:51:error: log_end: undefined var
code\__HELPERS\_logging.dm:56:error: log_end: undefined var
code\__HELPERS\_logging.dm:61:error: log_end: undefined var
code\__HELPERS\_logging.dm:65:error: log_end: undefined var
code\__HELPERS\_logging.dm:69:error: log_end: undefined var
code\__HELPERS\_logging.dm:73:error: log_end: undefined var
code\__HELPERS\_logging.dm:77:error: log_end: undefined var
code\__HELPERS\_logging.dm:81:error: log_end: undefined var
code\__HELPERS\_logging.dm:85:error: log_end: undefined var
code\__HELPERS\_logging.dm:89:error: log_end: undefined var
code\__HELPERS\_logging.dm:93:error: log_end: undefined var
code\__HELPERS\_logging.dm:100:error: log_end: undefined var
code\__HELPERS\_logging.dm:104:error: log_end: undefined var
code\__HELPERS\_logging.dm:108:error: log_end: undefined var
code\__HELPERS\_logging.dm:112:error: log_end: undefined var
code\__HELPERS\_logging.dm:116:error: log_end: undefined var
code\__HELPERS\_logging.dm:120:error: log_end: undefined var
code\__HELPERS\_logging.dm:123:error: log_end: undefined var
code\__HELPERS\_logging.dm:128:error: log_end: undefined var
code\__HELPERS\_string_lists.dm:12:error: string_cache: undefined var
code\__HELPERS\_string_lists.dm:12:error: string_cache: undefined var
code\__HELPERS\_string_lists.dm:13:error: string_cache: undefined var
code\__HELPERS\_string_lists.dm:22:error: string_cache: undefined var
code\__HELPERS\_string_lists.dm:22:error: string_cache: undefined var
code\__HELPERS\_string_lists.dm:23:error: string_cache: undefined var
code\__HELPERS\_string_lists.dm:28:error: string_filename_current_key: undefined var
code\__HELPERS\_string_lists.dm:31:error: string_filename_current_key: undefined var
code\__HELPERS\_string_lists.dm:32:error: string_cache: undefined var
code\__HELPERS\_string_lists.dm:35:error: string_cache: undefined var
code\__HELPERS\_string_lists.dm:36:error: string_cache: undefined var
code\__HELPERS\_string_lists.dm:39:error: string_cache: undefined var
code\__HELPERS\game.dm:276:error: cardinal: undefined var
code\__HELPERS\icon_smoothing.dm:69:error: cardinal: undefined var
code\__HELPERS\maths.dm:84:error: gaussian_next: undefined var
code\__HELPERS\maths.dm:85:error: gaussian_next: undefined var
code\__HELPERS\maths.dm:86:error: gaussian_next: undefined var
code\__HELPERS\maths.dm:95:error: gaussian_next: undefined var
code\__HELPERS\mobs.dm:62:error: all_robolimbs: undefined var
code\__HELPERS\mobs.dm:91:error: all_robolimbs: undefined var
code\__HELPERS\mobs.dm:145:error: all_robolimbs: undefined var
code\__HELPERS\mobs.dm:164:error: body_accessory_by_name: undefined var
code\__HELPERS\mobs.dm:165:error: body_accessory_by_name: undefined var
code\__HELPERS\mobs.dm:264:error: current_date_string: undefined var
code\__HELPERS\names.dm:20:error: returnusing_map.dock_name: undefined var
code\__HELPERS\names.dm:35:error: returnusing_map.starsys_name: undefined var
code\__HELPERS\names.dm:38:error: returnusing_map.station_name: undefined var
code\__HELPERS\names.dm:85:error: syndicate_name: undefined var
code\__HELPERS\names.dm:86:error: returnsyndicate_name: undefined var
code\__HELPERS\names.dm:110:error: syndicate_name: undefined var
code\__HELPERS\names.dm:145:error: teleportlocs.len: undefined var
code\__HELPERS\names.dm:145:error: teleportlocs: undefined var
code\__HELPERS\names.dm:148:error: data_core.general: undefined var
code\__HELPERS\text.dm:22:error: dbcon.Quote: undefined var
code\__HELPERS\text.dm:210:error: paper_tag_whitelist: undefined var
code\__HELPERS\unsorted.dm:1139:error: pointed_types: undefined var
code\__HELPERS\unsorted.dm:1142:error: can_embed_types: undefined var
code\__HELPERS\unsorted.dm:1235:error: wall_items: undefined var
code\__HELPERS\unsorted.dm:1257:error: wall_items: undefined var
code\__HELPERS\unsorted.dm:1384:error: alldirs: undefined var
code\__HELPERS\unsorted.dm:1425:error: dview_mob.loc: undefined var
code\__HELPERS\unsorted.dm:1427:error: dview_mob.see_invisible: undefined var
code\__HELPERS\unsorted.dm:1429:error: dview_mob: undefined var
code\__HELPERS\unsorted.dm:1430:error: dview_mob.loc: undefined var
code\_globalvars\misc.dm:15:error: global_announcer: undefined var
code\_globalvars\misc.dm:20:error: command_announcer: undefined var
code\ATMOSPHERICS\datum_icon_manager.dm:20:error: pipe_colors: undefined var
code\ATMOSPHERICS\datum_icon_manager.dm:21:error: pipe_colors: undefined var
code\ATMOSPHERICS\datum_icon_manager.dm:27:error: pipe_colors: undefined var
code\ATMOSPHERICS\datum_icon_manager.dm:28:error: pipe_colors: undefined var
code\datums\periodic_news.dm:128:error: announced_news_types: undefined var
code\datums\periodic_news.dm:129:error: announced_news_types: undefined var
code\datums\periodic_news.dm:135:error: news_network.network_channels: undefined var
code\datums\periodic_news.dm:146:error: news_network.network_channels: undefined var
code\datums\periodic_news.dm:156:error: allCasters: undefined var
code\datums\diseases\advance\advance.dm:373:error: list_symptoms.Copy: undefined var
code\datums\helper_datums\map_template.dm:111:error: map_templates: undefined var
code\datums\helper_datums\map_template.dm:137:error: map_templates: undefined var
code\datums\helper_datums\map_template.dm:138:error: ruins_templates: undefined var
code\datums\helper_datums\map_template.dm:141:error: lava_ruins_templates: undefined var
code\datums\helper_datums\map_template.dm:143:error: space_ruins_templates: undefined var
code\datums\helper_datums\map_template.dm:152:error: shelter_templates: undefined var
code\datums\helper_datums\map_template.dm:153:error: map_templates: undefined var
code\datums\helper_datums\map_template.dm:163:error: shuttle_templates: undefined var
code\datums\helper_datums\map_template.dm:164:error: map_templates: undefined var
code\defines\procs\radio.dm:38:error: message_servers: undefined var
code\defines\procs\radio.dm:39:error: message_servers: undefined var
code\defines\procs\records.dm:23:error: data_core.general: undefined var
code\defines\procs\records.dm:39:error: data_core.security: undefined var
code\defines\procs\records.dm:43:error: data_core.security: undefined var
code\defines\procs\statistics.dm:9:error: dbcon.IsConnected: undefined var
code\defines\procs\statistics.dm:13:error: dbcon.NewQuery: undefined var
code\defines\procs\statistics.dm:24:error: dbcon.IsConnected: undefined var
code\defines\procs\statistics.dm:28:error: dbcon.NewQuery: undefined var
code\defines\procs\statistics.dm:70:error: dbcon.IsConnected: undefined var
code\defines\procs\statistics.dm:73:error: dbcon.NewQuery: undefined var
code\defines\procs\statistics.dm:105:error: dbcon.IsConnected: undefined var
code\defines\procs\statistics.dm:108:error: dbcon.NewQuery: undefined var
code\defines\procs\statistics.dm:124:error: blackbox: undefined var
code\defines\procs\statistics.dm:129:error: blackbox.get_round_feedback: undefined var
code\defines\procs\statistics.dm:136:error: dbcon.IsConnected: undefined var
code\defines\procs\statistics.dm:140:error: dbcon.NewQuery: undefined var
code\defines\procs\statistics.dm:160:error: dbcon.NewQuery: undefined var
code\game\world.dm:254:error: world_topic_spam_protect_ip: undefined var
code\game\world.dm:254:error: world_topic_spam_protect_time: undefined var
code\game\world.dm:256:error: world_topic_spam_protect_time: undefined var
code\game\world.dm:259:error: world_topic_spam_protect_time: undefined var
code\game\world.dm:260:error: world_topic_spam_protect_ip: undefined var
code\game\world.dm:439:error: failed_db_connections: undefined var
code\game\world.dm:442:error: dbcon: undefined var
code\game\world.dm:443:error: dbcon: undefined var
code\game\world.dm:451:error: dbcon.Connect: undefined var
code\game\world.dm:452:error: dbcon.IsConnected: undefined var
code\game\world.dm:454:error: failed_db_connections: undefined var
code\game\world.dm:456:error: failed_db_connections: undefined var
code\game\world.dm:457:error: dbcon.ErrorMsg: undefined var
code\game\world.dm:463:error: failed_db_connections: undefined var
code\game\world.dm:466:error: dbcon: undefined var
code\game\world.dm:466:error: dbcon.IsConnected: undefined var
code\game\area\areas.dm:437:error: gravity_generators: undefined var
code\game\area\areas.dm:437:error: gravity_generators: undefined var
code\game\dna\dna2_domutcheck.dm:7:error: dna_genes: undefined var
code\game\dna\dna2_domutcheck.dm:26:error: assigned_gene_blocks: undefined var
code\game\dna\dna2_helpers.dm:18:error: dna_activity_bounds: undefined var
code\game\dna\dna2_helpers.dm:27:error: bad_blocks: undefined var
code\game\dna\dna2_helpers.dm:34:error: good_blocks: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\setupgame.dm:8:error: good_blocks: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\setupgame.dm:10:error: bad_blocks: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\setupgame.dm:11:error: assigned_blocks: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\setupgame.dm:12:error: dna_activity_bounds: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\setupgame.dm:20:error: BLOCKADD: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\setupgame.dm:22:error: DIFFMUT: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\setupgame.dm:37:error: BLINDBLOCK: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\setupgame.dm:38:error: COLOURBLINDBLOCK: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\setupgame.dm:39:error: DEAFBLOCK: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\setupgame.dm:40:error: HULKBLOCK: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\setupgame.dm:41:error: TELEBLOCK: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\setupgame.dm:42:error: FIREBLOCK: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\setupgame.dm:43:error: XRAYBLOCK: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\setupgame.dm:44:error: CLUMSYBLOCK: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\setupgame.dm:45:error: FAKEBLOCK: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\setupgame.dm:46:error: COUGHBLOCK: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\setupgame.dm:47:error: GLASSESBLOCK: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\setupgame.dm:48:error: EPILEPSYBLOCK: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\setupgame.dm:49:error: TWITCHBLOCK: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\setupgame.dm:50:error: NERVOUSBLOCK: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\setupgame.dm:51:error: WINGDINGSBLOCK: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\setupgame.dm:54:error: BREATHLESSBLOCK: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\setupgame.dm:55:error: REMOTEVIEWBLOCK: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\setupgame.dm:56:error: REGENERATEBLOCK: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\setupgame.dm:57:error: INCREASERUNBLOCK: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\setupgame.dm:58:error: REMOTETALKBLOCK: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\setupgame.dm:59:error: MORPHBLOCK: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\setupgame.dm:60:error: COLDBLOCK: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\setupgame.dm:61:error: HALLUCINATIONBLOCK: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\setupgame.dm:62:error: NOPRINTSBLOCK: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\setupgame.dm:63:error: SHOCKIMMUNITYBLOCK: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\setupgame.dm:64:error: SMALLSIZEBLOCK: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\setupgame.dm:71:error: LISPBLOCK: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\setupgame.dm:72:error: MUTEBLOCK: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\setupgame.dm:73:error: RADBLOCK: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\setupgame.dm:74:error: FATBLOCK: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\setupgame.dm:75:error: CHAVBLOCK: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\setupgame.dm:76:error: SWEDEBLOCK: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\setupgame.dm:77:error: SCRAMBLEBLOCK: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\setupgame.dm:78:error: STRONGBLOCK: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\setupgame.dm:79:error: HORNSBLOCK: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\setupgame.dm:80:error: COMICBLOCK: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\setupgame.dm:83:error: SOBERBLOCK: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\setupgame.dm:84:error: PSYRESISTBLOCK: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\setupgame.dm:85:error: SHADOWBLOCK: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\setupgame.dm:86:error: CHAMELEONBLOCK: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\setupgame.dm:87:error: CRYOBLOCK: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\setupgame.dm:88:error: EATBLOCK: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\setupgame.dm:89:error: JUMPBLOCK: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\setupgame.dm:90:error: IMMOLATEBLOCK: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\setupgame.dm:91:error: EMPATHBLOCK: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\setupgame.dm:92:error: POLYMORPHBLOCK: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\setupgame.dm:99:error: LOUDBLOCK: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\setupgame.dm:100:error: DIZZYBLOCK: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\setupgame.dm:108:error: MONKEYBLOCK: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\setupgame.dm:117:error: dna_genes.Add: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\setupgame.dm:127:error: assigned_blocks: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\setupgame.dm:128:error: dna_genes: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\setupgame.dm:130:error: assigned_gene_blocks: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\setupgame.dm:131:error: assigned_gene_blocks: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\setupgame.dm:132:error: assigned_gene_blocks: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\devil\devilinfo.dm:114:error: allDevils: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\devil\devilinfo.dm:115:error: allDevils: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\devil\devilinfo.dm:118:error: allDevils: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\meteor\meteors.dm:30:error: cardinal: undefined var
code\game\jobs\job_exp.dm:116:error: role_playtime_requirements: undefined var
code\game\jobs\jobs.dm:108:error: whitelisted_positions: undefined var
code\game\jobs\whitelist.dm:11:error: whitelist: undefined var
code\game\jobs\whitelist.dm:12:error: whitelist.len: undefined var
code\game\jobs\whitelist.dm:12:error: whitelist: undefined var
code\game\jobs\whitelist.dm:28:error: dbcon.IsConnected: undefined var
code\game\jobs\whitelist.dm:32:error: dbcon.NewQuery: undefined var
code\game\jobs\whitelist.dm:61:error: alien_whitelist: undefined var
code\game\jobs\whitelist.dm:73:error: alien_whitelist: undefined var
code\game\jobs\whitelist.dm:75:error: dbcon.IsConnected: undefined var
code\game\jobs\whitelist.dm:79:error: dbcon.NewQuery: undefined var
code\game\machinery\camera\tracking.dm:229:error: cameranet.checkCameraVis: undefined var
code\game\machinery\camera\tracking.dm:231:error: cameranet.checkCameraVis: undefined var
code\game\machinery\computer\communications.dm:430:error: sent_strike_team: undefined var
code\game\machinery\computer\communications.dm:459:error: sent_strike_team: undefined var
code\game\machinery\computer\specops_shuttle.dm:36:error: specops_shuttle_time: undefined var
code\game\machinery\computer\specops_shuttle.dm:37:error: specops_shuttle_time: undefined var
code\game\machinery\computer\specops_shuttle.dm:40:error: specops_shuttle_time: undefined var
code\game\machinery\computer\specops_shuttle.dm:41:error: specops_shuttle_timeleft: undefined var
code\game\machinery\computer\specops_shuttle.dm:45:error: specops_shuttle_timeleft: undefined var
code\game\machinery\computer\specops_shuttle.dm:56:error: specops_shuttle_moving_to_station: undefined var
code\game\machinery\computer\specops_shuttle.dm:57:error: specops_shuttle_moving_to_centcom: undefined var
code\game\machinery\computer\specops_shuttle.dm:59:error: specops_shuttle_at_station: undefined var
code\game\machinery\computer\specops_shuttle.dm:94:error: specops_shuttle_at_station: undefined var
code\game\machinery\computer\specops_shuttle.dm:113:error: specops_shuttle_time: undefined var
code\game\machinery\computer\specops_shuttle.dm:114:error: specops_shuttle_time: undefined var
code\game\machinery\computer\specops_shuttle.dm:117:error: specops_shuttle_time: undefined var
code\game\machinery\computer\specops_shuttle.dm:118:error: specops_shuttle_timeleft: undefined var
code\game\machinery\computer\specops_shuttle.dm:122:error: specops_shuttle_timeleft: undefined var
code\game\machinery\computer\specops_shuttle.dm:133:error: specops_shuttle_moving_to_station: undefined var
code\game\machinery\computer\specops_shuttle.dm:134:error: specops_shuttle_moving_to_centcom: undefined var
code\game\machinery\computer\specops_shuttle.dm:136:error: specops_shuttle_at_station: undefined var
code\game\machinery\computer\specops_shuttle.dm:137:error: specops_shuttle_moving_to_station: undefined var
code\game\machinery\computer\specops_shuttle.dm:137:error: specops_shuttle_moving_to_centcom: undefined var
code\game\machinery\computer\specops_shuttle.dm:242:error: specops_shuttle_moving_to_station: undefined var
code\game\machinery\computer\specops_shuttle.dm:242:error: specops_shuttle_moving_to_centcom: undefined var
code\game\machinery\computer\syndicate_specops_shuttle.dm:36:error: syndicate_elite_shuttle_time: undefined var
code\game\machinery\computer\syndicate_specops_shuttle.dm:37:error: syndicate_elite_shuttle_time: undefined var
code\game\machinery\computer\syndicate_specops_shuttle.dm:40:error: syndicate_elite_shuttle_time: undefined var
code\game\machinery\computer\syndicate_specops_shuttle.dm:41:error: syndicate_elite_shuttle_timeleft: undefined var
code\game\machinery\computer\syndicate_specops_shuttle.dm:45:error: syndicate_elite_shuttle_timeleft: undefined var
code\game\machinery\computer\syndicate_specops_shuttle.dm:56:error: syndicate_elite_shuttle_moving_to_station: undefined var
code\game\machinery\computer\syndicate_specops_shuttle.dm:57:error: syndicate_elite_shuttle_moving_to_mothership: undefined var
code\game\machinery\computer\syndicate_specops_shuttle.dm:59:error: syndicate_elite_shuttle_at_station: undefined var
code\game\machinery\computer\syndicate_specops_shuttle.dm:60:error: syndicate_elite_shuttle_moving_to_station: undefined var
code\game\machinery\computer\syndicate_specops_shuttle.dm:60:error: syndicate_elite_shuttle_moving_to_mothership: undefined var
code\game\machinery\computer\syndicate_specops_shuttle.dm:177:error: syndicate_elite_shuttle_moving_to_station: undefined var
code\game\machinery\computer\syndicate_specops_shuttle.dm:177:error: syndicate_elite_shuttle_moving_to_mothership: undefined var
code\game\machinery\doors\airlock.dm:486:error: airlock_overlays: undefined var
code\game\machinery\doors\airlock.dm:487:error: airlock_overlays: undefined var
code\game\machinery\doors\airlock.dm:488:error: airlock_overlays: undefined var
code\game\machinery\doors\airlock.dm:489:error: airlock_overlays: undefined var
code\game\machinery\telecomms\broadcaster.dm:380:error: blackbox: undefined var
code\game\machinery\telecomms\broadcaster.dm:383:error: blackbox.msg_common: undefined var
code\game\machinery\telecomms\broadcaster.dm:385:error: blackbox.msg_science: undefined var
code\game\machinery\telecomms\broadcaster.dm:387:error: blackbox.msg_command: undefined var
code\game\machinery\telecomms\broadcaster.dm:389:error: blackbox.msg_medical: undefined var
code\game\machinery\telecomms\broadcaster.dm:391:error: blackbox.msg_engineering: undefined var
code\game\machinery\telecomms\broadcaster.dm:393:error: blackbox.msg_security: undefined var
code\game\machinery\telecomms\broadcaster.dm:395:error: blackbox.msg_deathsquad: undefined var
code\game\machinery\telecomms\broadcaster.dm:397:error: blackbox.msg_syndicate: undefined var
code\game\machinery\telecomms\broadcaster.dm:399:error: blackbox.msg_syndteam: undefined var
code\game\machinery\telecomms\broadcaster.dm:401:error: blackbox.msg_cargo: undefined var
code\game\machinery\telecomms\broadcaster.dm:403:error: blackbox.msg_service: undefined var
code\game\machinery\telecomms\broadcaster.dm:405:error: blackbox.messages: undefined var
code\game\machinery\telecomms\broadcaster.dm:564:error: blackbox: undefined var
code\game\machinery\telecomms\broadcaster.dm:567:error: blackbox.msg_common: undefined var
code\game\machinery\telecomms\broadcaster.dm:569:error: blackbox.msg_science: undefined var
code\game\machinery\telecomms\broadcaster.dm:571:error: blackbox.msg_command: undefined var
code\game\machinery\telecomms\broadcaster.dm:573:error: blackbox.msg_medical: undefined var
code\game\machinery\telecomms\broadcaster.dm:575:error: blackbox.msg_engineering: undefined var
code\game\machinery\telecomms\broadcaster.dm:577:error: blackbox.msg_security: undefined var
code\game\machinery\telecomms\broadcaster.dm:579:error: blackbox.msg_deathsquad: undefined var
code\game\machinery\telecomms\broadcaster.dm:581:error: blackbox.msg_syndicate: undefined var
code\game\machinery\telecomms\broadcaster.dm:583:error: blackbox.msg_syndteam: undefined var
code\game\machinery\telecomms\broadcaster.dm:585:error: blackbox.msg_cargo: undefined var
code\game\machinery\telecomms\broadcaster.dm:587:error: blackbox.msg_service: undefined var
code\game\machinery\telecomms\broadcaster.dm:589:error: blackbox.messages: undefined var
code\game\magic\Uristrunes.dm:29:error: rune_cache: undefined var
code\game\magic\Uristrunes.dm:30:error: rune_cache: undefined var
code\game\magic\Uristrunes.dm:93:error: rune_cache: undefined var
code\game\objects\explosion.dm:14:error: MAX_EX_DEVASTATION_RANGE: undefined var
code\game\objects\explosion.dm:15:error: MAX_EX_HEAVY_RANGE: undefined var
code\game\objects\explosion.dm:16:error: MAX_EX_LIGHT_RANGE: undefined var
code\game\objects\explosion.dm:17:error: MAX_EX_FLASH_RANGE: undefined var
code\game\objects\explosion.dm:18:error: MAX_EX_FLAME_RANGE: undefined var
code\game\objects\explosion.dm:156:error: Debug2: undefined var
code\game\objects\explosion.dm:160:error: doppler_arrays.len: undefined var
code\game\objects\explosion.dm:161:error: doppler_arrays: undefined var
code\LINDA\LINDA_fire.dm:312:error: cardinal: undefined var
code\modules\admin\admin.dm:13:error: nologevent: undefined var
code\modules\admin\admin.dm:962:error: gamma_ship_location: undefined var
code\modules\admin\admin.dm:973:error: gamma_ship_location: undefined var
code\modules\admin\admin.dm:974:error: gamma_ship_location: undefined var
code\modules\admin\admin.dm:976:error: gamma_ship_location: undefined var
code\modules\admin\admin_investigate.dm:33:error: investigate_log_subjects: undefined var
code\modules\admin\admin_ranks.dm:6:error: admin_ranks.Cut: undefined var
code\modules\admin\admin_ranks.dm:48:error: admin_ranks: undefined var
code\modules\admin\admin_ranks.dm:64:error: admin_datums.Cut: undefined var
code\modules\admin\admin_ranks.dm:95:error: admin_ranks: undefined var
code\modules\admin\admin_ranks.dm:107:error: dbcon.IsConnected: undefined var
code\modules\admin\admin_ranks.dm:113:error: dbcon.NewQuery: undefined var
code\modules\admin\admin_ranks.dm:126:error: admin_datums: undefined var
code\modules\admin\banappearance.dm:8:error: appearance_keylist.Add: undefined var
code\modules\admin\banappearance.dm:13:error: appearance_keylist.Add: undefined var
code\modules\admin\banappearance.dm:19:error: appearance_keylist: undefined var
code\modules\admin\banappearance.dm:46:error: appearance_keylist: undefined var
code\modules\admin\banappearance.dm:48:error: appearanceban_runonce: undefined var
code\modules\admin\banappearance.dm:50:error: appearance_keylist: undefined var
code\modules\admin\banappearance.dm:51:error: appearance_keylist: undefined var
code\modules\admin\banappearance.dm:61:error: dbcon.NewQuery: undefined var
code\modules\admin\banappearance.dm:67:error: appearance_keylist.Add: undefined var
code\modules\admin\banappearance.dm:71:error: appearance_keylist: undefined var
code\modules\admin\banappearance.dm:79:error: appearanceban_runonce: undefined var
code\modules\admin\banappearance.dm:82:error: appearance_keylist: undefined var
code\modules\admin\banappearance.dm:84:error: appearanceban_runonce: undefined var
code\modules\admin\banappearance.dm:88:error: appearance_keylist: undefined var
code\modules\admin\banappearance.dm:89:error: appearance_keylist: undefined var
code\modules\admin\banappearance.dm:90:error: appearance_keylist: undefined var
code\modules\admin\banappearance.dm:90:error: appearance_keylist.Remove: undefined var
code\modules\admin\banjob.dm:11:error: jobban_assoclist: undefined var
code\modules\admin\banjob.dm:12:error: jobban_assoclist: undefined var
code\modules\admin\banjob.dm:13:error: jobban_assoclist: undefined var
code\modules\admin\banjob.dm:18:error: jobban_keylist.Add: undefined var
code\modules\admin\banjob.dm:26:error: jobban_keylist.Add: undefined var
code\modules\admin\banjob.dm:40:error: jobban_assoclist: undefined var
code\modules\admin\banjob.dm:41:error: jobban_assoclist: undefined var
code\modules\admin\banjob.dm:66:error: jobban_keylist: undefined var
code\modules\admin\banjob.dm:68:error: jobban_runonce: undefined var
code\modules\admin\banjob.dm:70:error: jobban_keylist: undefined var
code\modules\admin\banjob.dm:71:error: jobban_keylist: undefined var
code\modules\admin\banjob.dm:74:error: jobban_keylist: undefined var
code\modules\admin\banjob.dm:75:error: jobban_regex.Find: undefined var
code\modules\admin\banjob.dm:76:error: jobban_regex.group: undefined var
code\modules\admin\banjob.dm:76:error: jobban_regex.group: undefined var
code\modules\admin\banjob.dm:76:error: jobban_regex.group: undefined var
code\modules\admin\banjob.dm:87:error: dbcon.NewQuery: undefined var
code\modules\admin\banjob.dm:90:error: dbcon.NewQuery: undefined var
code\modules\admin\banjob.dm:105:error: jobban_keylist.Add: undefined var
code\modules\admin\banjob.dm:110:error: jobban_keylist: undefined var
code\modules\admin\banjob.dm:123:error: jobban_keylist: undefined var
code\modules\admin\banjob.dm:124:error: jobban_keylist: undefined var
code\modules\admin\banjob.dm:126:error: jobban_regex.Find: undefined var
code\modules\admin\banjob.dm:127:error: jobban_regex.group: undefined var
code\modules\admin\banjob.dm:128:error: jobban_regex.group: undefined var
code\modules\admin\banjob.dm:129:error: jobban_assoclist: undefined var
code\modules\admin\banjob.dm:129:error: jobban_assoclist: undefined var
code\modules\admin\banjob.dm:130:error: jobban_assoclist: undefined var
code\modules\admin\banjob.dm:135:error: jobban_keylist: undefined var
code\modules\admin\banjob.dm:135:error: jobban_keylist.Remove: undefined var
code\modules\admin\ipintel.dm:37:error: dbcon.IsConnected: undefined var
code\modules\admin\ipintel.dm:39:error: dbcon.NewQuery: undefined var
code\modules\admin\ipintel.dm:70:error: dbcon.IsConnected: undefined var
code\modules\admin\ipintel.dm:71:error: dbcon.NewQuery: undefined var
code\modules\admin\ipintel.dm:142:error: dbcon.IsConnected: undefined var
code\modules\admin\ipintel.dm:163:error: dbcon.NewQuery: undefined var
code\modules\admin\ipintel.dm:178:error: dbcon.NewQuery: undefined var
code\modules\admin\ipintel.dm:193:error: dbcon.NewQuery: undefined var
code\modules\admin\ipintel.dm:202:error: dbcon.NewQuery: undefined var
code\modules\admin\NewBan.dm:6:error: Banlist: undefined var
code\modules\admin\NewBan.dm:8:error: Banlist: undefined var
code\modules\admin\NewBan.dm:15:error: Banlist.cd: undefined var
code\modules\admin\NewBan.dm:16:error: Banlist.dir: undefined var
code\modules\admin\NewBan.dm:17:error: Banlist.cd: undefined var
code\modules\admin\NewBan.dm:18:error: Banlist: undefined var
code\modules\admin\NewBan.dm:19:error: Banlist: undefined var
code\modules\admin\NewBan.dm:23:error: Banlist: undefined var
code\modules\admin\NewBan.dm:23:error: Banlist: undefined var
code\modules\admin\NewBan.dm:23:error: Banlist: undefined var
code\modules\admin\NewBan.dm:25:error: Banlist.cd: undefined var
code\modules\admin\NewBan.dm:26:error: Banlist: undefined var
code\modules\admin\NewBan.dm:26:error: Banlist: undefined var
code\modules\admin\NewBan.dm:30:error: Banlist.dir: undefined var
code\modules\admin\NewBan.dm:31:error: Banlist.cd: undefined var
code\modules\admin\NewBan.dm:33:error: Banlist: undefined var
code\modules\admin\NewBan.dm:35:error: Banlist: undefined var
code\modules\admin\NewBan.dm:39:error: Banlist: undefined var
code\modules\admin\NewBan.dm:45:error: Banlist: undefined var
code\modules\admin\NewBan.dm:46:error: Banlist: undefined var
code\modules\admin\NewBan.dm:50:error: Banlist: undefined var
code\modules\admin\NewBan.dm:50:error: Banlist: undefined var
code\modules\admin\NewBan.dm:50:error: Banlist: undefined var
code\modules\admin\NewBan.dm:52:error: Banlist: undefined var
code\modules\admin\NewBan.dm:52:error: Banlist: undefined var
code\modules\admin\NewBan.dm:58:error: CMinutes: undefined var
code\modules\admin\NewBan.dm:66:error: Banlist: undefined var
code\modules\admin\NewBan.dm:69:error: Banlist.dir: undefined var
code\modules\admin\NewBan.dm:71:error: Banlist.dir.Find: undefined var
code\modules\admin\NewBan.dm:73:error: Banlist.dir.Add: undefined var
code\modules\admin\NewBan.dm:74:error: Banlist.cd: undefined var
code\modules\admin\NewBan.dm:75:error: Banlist.dir.Find: undefined var
code\modules\admin\NewBan.dm:76:error: Banlist.cd: undefined var
code\modules\admin\NewBan.dm:84:error: Banlist.cd: undefined var
code\modules\admin\NewBan.dm:85:error: Banlist.dir: undefined var
code\modules\admin\NewBan.dm:86:error: Banlist.cd: undefined var
code\modules\admin\NewBan.dm:87:error: Banlist: undefined var
code\modules\admin\NewBan.dm:87:error: Banlist: undefined var
code\modules\admin\NewBan.dm:93:error: Banlist: undefined var
code\modules\admin\NewBan.dm:94:error: CMinutes: undefined var
code\modules\admin\NewBan.dm:94:error: Banlist: undefined var
code\modules\admin\NewBan.dm:105:error: CMinutes: undefined var
code\modules\admin\NewBan.dm:107:error: Banlist.cd: undefined var
code\modules\admin\NewBan.dm:108:error: Banlist.dir.Find: undefined var
code\modules\admin\NewBan.dm:112:error: Banlist.dir.Add: undefined var
code\modules\admin\NewBan.dm:113:error: Banlist.cd: undefined var
code\modules\admin\NewBan.dm:114:error: Banlist: undefined var
code\modules\admin\NewBan.dm:115:error: Banlist: undefined var
code\modules\admin\NewBan.dm:116:error: Banlist: undefined var
code\modules\admin\NewBan.dm:117:error: Banlist: undefined var
code\modules\admin\NewBan.dm:118:error: Banlist: undefined var
code\modules\admin\NewBan.dm:119:error: Banlist: undefined var
code\modules\admin\NewBan.dm:121:error: Banlist: undefined var
code\modules\admin\NewBan.dm:132:error: Banlist.cd: undefined var
code\modules\admin\NewBan.dm:133:error: Banlist: undefined var
code\modules\admin\NewBan.dm:134:error: Banlist: undefined var
code\modules\admin\NewBan.dm:135:error: Banlist.cd: undefined var
code\modules\admin\NewBan.dm:137:error: Banlist.dir.Remove: undefined var
code\modules\admin\NewBan.dm:148:error: Banlist.dir: undefined var
code\modules\admin\NewBan.dm:149:error: Banlist.cd: undefined var
code\modules\admin\NewBan.dm:150:error: Banlist: undefined var
code\modules\admin\NewBan.dm:151:error: Banlist.cd: undefined var
code\modules\admin\NewBan.dm:152:error: Banlist.dir.Remove: undefined var
code\modules\admin\NewBan.dm:159:error: CMinutes: undefined var
code\modules\admin\NewBan.dm:210:error: Banlist.cd: undefined var
code\modules\admin\NewBan.dm:211:error: Banlist.dir.Add: undefined var
code\modules\admin\NewBan.dm:212:error: Banlist.cd: undefined var
code\modules\admin\NewBan.dm:213:error: Banlist: undefined var
code\modules\admin\NewBan.dm:215:error: Banlist.cd: undefined var
code\modules\admin\NewBan.dm:216:error: Banlist.dir.Add: undefined var
code\modules\admin\NewBan.dm:217:error: Banlist.cd: undefined var
code\modules\admin\NewBan.dm:218:error: Banlist: undefined var
code\modules\admin\NewBan.dm:219:error: Banlist: undefined var
code\modules\admin\NewBan.dm:220:error: Banlist: undefined var
code\modules\admin\NewBan.dm:221:error: Banlist: undefined var
code\modules\admin\NewBan.dm:222:error: Banlist: undefined var
code\modules\admin\NewBan.dm:222:error: CMinutes: undefined var
code\modules\admin\NewBan.dm:223:error: Banlist: undefined var
code\modules\admin\NewBan.dm:226:error: Banlist.cd: undefined var
code\modules\admin\NewBan.dm:229:error: Banlist.cd: undefined var
code\modules\admin\NewBan.dm:230:error: Banlist.dir: undefined var
code\modules\admin\sql_notes.dm:4:error: dbcon.IsConnected: undefined var
code\modules\admin\sql_notes.dm:16:error: dbcon.NewQuery: undefined var
code\modules\admin\sql_notes.dm:49:error: dbcon.NewQuery: undefined var
code\modules\admin\sql_notes.dm:65:error: dbcon.IsConnected: undefined var
code\modules\admin\sql_notes.dm:71:error: dbcon.NewQuery: undefined var
code\modules\admin\sql_notes.dm:80:error: dbcon.NewQuery: undefined var
code\modules\admin\sql_notes.dm:92:error: dbcon.IsConnected: undefined var
code\modules\admin\sql_notes.dm:100:error: dbcon.NewQuery: undefined var
code\modules\admin\sql_notes.dm:115:error: dbcon.NewQuery: undefined var
code\modules\admin\sql_notes.dm:142:error: dbcon.NewQuery: undefined var
code\modules\admin\sql_notes.dm:184:error: dbcon.NewQuery: undefined var
code\modules\admin\sql_notes.dm:199:error: dbcon.NewQuery: undefined var
code\modules\admin\watchlist.dm:118:error: dbcon.NewQuery: undefined var
code\modules\admin\DB ban\functions.dm:578:error: dbcon: undefined var
code\modules\admin\DB ban\functions.dm:582:error: dbcon.NewQuery: undefined var
code\modules\admin\verbs\modifyvariables.dm:520:error: VVlocked: undefined var
code\modules\admin\verbs\modifyvariables.dm:523:error: VVckey_edit: undefined var
code\modules\admin\verbs\modifyvariables.dm:526:error: VVicon_edit_lock: undefined var
code\modules\admin\verbs\modifyvariables.dm:529:error: VVpixelmovement: undefined var
code\modules\admin\verbs\one_click_antag.dm:382:error: latejoin: undefined var
code\modules\admin\verbs\randomverbs.dm:514:error: xeno_spawn.len: undefined var
code\modules\admin\verbs\randomverbs.dm:514:error: xeno_spawn: undefined var
code\modules\admin\verbs\randomverbs.dm:514:error: latejoin: undefined var
code\modules\awaymissions\zlevel.dm:42:error: awaydestinations.len: undefined var
code\modules\awaymissions\zlevel.dm:45:error: potentialRandomZlevels: undefined var
code\modules\awaymissions\zlevel.dm:45:error: potentialRandomZlevels.len: undefined var
code\modules\awaymissions\zlevel.dm:49:error: potentialRandomZlevels: undefined var
code\modules\awaymissions\zlevel.dm:52:error: space_manager.add_new_zlevel: undefined var
code\modules\awaymissions\zlevel.dm:53:error: space_manager.add_dirt: undefined var
code\modules\awaymissions\zlevel.dm:54:error: maploader.load_map: undefined var
code\modules\awaymissions\zlevel.dm:56:error: space_manager.remove_dirt: undefined var
code\modules\awaymissions\zlevel.dm:62:error: awaydestinations.Add: undefined var
code\modules\awaymissions\zlevel.dm:72:error: awaydestinations.len: undefined var
code\modules\awaymissions\zlevel.dm:75:error: potentialRandomZlevels: undefined var
code\modules\awaymissions\zlevel.dm:75:error: potentialRandomZlevels.len: undefined var
code\modules\awaymissions\zlevel.dm:79:error: potentialRandomZlevels: undefined var
code\modules\awaymissions\zlevel.dm:83:error: space_manager.add_new_zlevel: undefined var
code\modules\awaymissions\zlevel.dm:84:error: space_manager.add_dirt: undefined var
code\modules\awaymissions\zlevel.dm:85:error: maploader.load_map: undefined var
code\modules\awaymissions\zlevel.dm:87:error: space_manager.remove_dirt: undefined var
code\modules\awaymissions\zlevel.dm:95:error: awaydestinations.Add: undefined var
code\modules\client\asset_cache.dm:154:error: asset_datums: undefined var
code\modules\client\asset_cache.dm:156:error: asset_datums: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference\preferences.dm:46:error: special_role_times: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference\preferences_spawnpoints.dm:4:error: spawntypes: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference\preferences_spawnpoints.dm:7:error: spawntypes: undefined var
code\modules\customitems\item_spawning.dm:6:error: dbcon.NewQuery: undefined var
code\modules\economy\Accounts.dm:16:error: station_account: undefined var
code\modules\economy\Accounts.dm:17:error: next_account_number: undefined var
code\modules\economy\Accounts.dm:19:error: station_account: undefined var
code\modules\economy\Accounts.dm:20:error: station_account.owner_name: undefined var
code\modules\economy\Accounts.dm:21:error: station_account.account_number: undefined var
code\modules\economy\Accounts.dm:22:error: station_account.remote_access_pin: undefined var
code\modules\economy\Accounts.dm:23:error: station_account.money: undefined var
code\modules\economy\Accounts.dm:26:error: station_account.owner_name: undefined var
code\modules\economy\Accounts.dm:26:error: station_account.makeTransactionLog: undefined var
code\modules\economy\Accounts.dm:30:error: station_account: undefined var
code\modules\economy\Accounts.dm:30:error: all_money_accounts.Add: undefined var
code\modules\economy\Accounts.dm:33:error: next_account_number: undefined var
code\modules\economy\Accounts.dm:46:error: all_money_accounts.Add: undefined var
code\modules\economy\Accounts.dm:48:error: department_accounts: undefined var
code\modules\economy\Accounts.dm:68:error: game_year: undefined var
code\modules\economy\Accounts.dm:68:error: game_year: undefined var
code\modules\economy\Accounts.dm:74:error: current_date_string: undefined var
code\modules\economy\Accounts.dm:78:error: next_account_number: undefined var
code\modules\economy\Accounts.dm:79:error: next_account_number: undefined var
code\modules\economy\Accounts.dm:99:error: current_date_string: undefined var
code\modules\economy\Accounts.dm:112:error: all_money_accounts.Add: undefined var
code\modules\economy\Accounts.dm:151:error: all_money_accounts: undefined var
code\modules\economy\Accounts.dm:162:error: all_money_accounts: undefined var
code\modules\economy\Economy.dm:68:error: setup_economy: undefined var
code\modules\economy\Economy.dm:76:error: news_network.network_channels: undefined var
code\modules\economy\Economy.dm:83:error: news_network.network_channels: undefined var
code\modules\economy\Economy.dm:90:error: news_network.network_channels: undefined var
code\modules\economy\Economy.dm:94:error: weighted_randomevent_locations: undefined var
code\modules\economy\Economy.dm:95:error: weighted_mundaneevent_locations: undefined var
code\modules\economy\Economy.dm:97:error: setup_economy: undefined var
code\modules\events\communications_blackout.dm:23:error: event_announcement.Announce: undefined var
code\modules\events\communications_blackout.dm:29:error: telecomms_list: undefined var
code\modules\events\event_procs.dm:48:error: the_station_areas: undefined var
code\modules\events\event_procs.dm:95:error: security_positions: undefined var
code\modules\events\grid_check.dm:24:error: event_announcement.Announce: undefined var
code\modules\events\grid_check.dm:54:error: event_announcement.Announce: undefined var
code\modules\events\grid_check.dm:73:error: event_announcement.Announce: undefined var
code\modules\ext_scripts\python.dm:7:error: python_path: undefined var
code\modules\karma\karma.dm:21:error: dbcon.IsConnected: undefined var
code\modules\karma\karma.dm:25:error: dbcon.NewQuery: undefined var
code\modules\karma\karma.dm:31:error: dbcon.NewQuery: undefined var
code\modules\karma\karma.dm:41:error: dbcon.NewQuery: undefined var
code\modules\karma\karma.dm:47:error: dbcon.NewQuery: undefined var
code\modules\library\random_books.dm:43:error: dbcon.IsConnected: undefined var
code\modules\library\random_books.dm:52:error: dbcon.NewQuery: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\say.dm:42:error: channel_to_radio_key: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\say.dm:44:error: department_radio_keys: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\say.dm:45:error: department_radio_keys: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\say.dm:50:error: channel_to_radio_key: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\body_accessories.dm:18:error: body_accessory_by_name: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\body_accessories.dm:19:error: body_accessory_by_name: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\body_accessories.dm:23:error: body_accessory_by_species: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\body_accessories.dm:23:error: body_accessory_by_species: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\body_accessories.dm:24:error: body_accessory_by_species: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\body_accessories.dm:26:error: body_accessory_by_species.len: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\body_accessories.dm:37:error: body_accessory_by_name: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\ai\ai.dm:30:error: ai_list: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\ai\say.dm:159:error: vox_sounds: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\ai\say.dm:161:error: vox_sounds: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\chem_splash.dm:44:error: cardinal: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\chem_splash.dm:54:error: cardinal: undefined var
code\modules\research\message_server.dm:326:error: blackbox: undefined var
code\modules\research\message_server.dm:330:error: blackbox.find_feedback_datum: undefined var
code\modules\research\message_server.dm:337:error: blackbox: undefined var
code\modules\research\message_server.dm:341:error: blackbox.find_feedback_datum: undefined var
code\modules\research\message_server.dm:348:error: blackbox: undefined var
code\modules\research\message_server.dm:352:error: blackbox.find_feedback_datum: undefined var
code\modules\research\message_server.dm:359:error: blackbox: undefined var
code\modules\research\message_server.dm:364:error: blackbox.find_feedback_datum: undefined var
code\modules\research\message_server.dm:371:error: blackbox: undefined var
code\modules\research\message_server.dm:376:error: blackbox.find_feedback_datum: undefined var
code\modules\response_team\ert.dm:61:error: response_team_members: undefined var
code\modules\response_team\ert.dm:62:error: active_team: undefined var
code\modules\response_team\ert.dm:63:error: active_team.setSlots: undefined var
code\modules\response_team\ert.dm:65:error: send_emergency_team: undefined var
code\modules\response_team\ert.dm:66:error: responseteam_age: undefined var
code\modules\response_team\ert.dm:66:error: role_playtime_requirements: undefined var
code\modules\response_team\ert.dm:68:error: active_team.cannot_send_team: undefined var
code\modules\response_team\ert.dm:69:error: send_emergency_team: undefined var
code\modules\response_team\ert.dm:77:error: response_team_members: undefined var
code\modules\response_team\ert.dm:81:error: response_team_members: undefined var
code\modules\response_team\ert.dm:83:error: response_team_members.len: undefined var
code\modules\response_team\ert.dm:84:error: active_team.cannot_send_team: undefined var
code\modules\response_team\ert.dm:85:error: send_emergency_team: undefined var
code\modules\response_team\ert.dm:89:error: response_team_members: undefined var
code\modules\response_team\ert.dm:91:error: response_team_members: undefined var
code\modules\response_team\ert.dm:98:error: active_team.get_slot_list: undefined var
code\modules\response_team\ert.dm:105:error: emergencyresponseteamspawn.len: undefined var
code\modules\response_team\ert.dm:107:error: active_team.get_slot_list: undefined var
code\modules\response_team\ert.dm:118:error: active_team.check_slot_available: undefined var
code\modules\response_team\ert.dm:119:error: emergencyresponseteamspawn: undefined var
code\modules\response_team\ert.dm:120:error: active_team.reduceSlots: undefined var
code\modules\response_team\ert.dm:128:error: send_emergency_team: undefined var
code\modules\response_team\ert.dm:130:error: active_team.count: undefined var
code\modules\response_team\ert.dm:131:error: active_team.announce_team: undefined var
code\modules\response_team\ert.dm:134:error: active_team.cannot_send_team: undefined var
code\modules\security_levels\keycard authentication.dm:200:error: minor_announcement.Announce: undefined var
code\modules\security_levels\keycard authentication.dm:201:error: maint_all_access: undefined var
code\modules\security_levels\keycard authentication.dm:208:error: minor_announcement.Announce: undefined var
code\modules\security_levels\keycard authentication.dm:209:error: maint_all_access: undefined var
code\modules\security_levels\keycard authentication.dm:216:error: minor_announcement.Announce: undefined var
code\modules\security_levels\keycard authentication.dm:217:error: station_all_access: undefined var
code\modules\security_levels\keycard authentication.dm:224:error: minor_announcement.Announce: undefined var
code\modules\security_levels\keycard authentication.dm:225:error: station_all_access: undefined var
code\modules\security_levels\security levels.dm:29:error: security_level: undefined var
code\modules\security_levels\security levels.dm:30:error: security_level: undefined var
code\modules\security_levels\security levels.dm:45:error: security_announcement_down.Announce: undefined var
code\modules\security_levels\security levels.dm:46:error: security_level: undefined var
code\modules\security_levels\security levels.dm:56:error: security_level: undefined var
code\modules\security_levels\security levels.dm:57:error: security_announcement_up.Announce: undefined var
code\modules\security_levels\security levels.dm:59:error: security_announcement_down.Announce: undefined var
code\modules\security_levels\security levels.dm:60:error: security_level: undefined var
code\modules\security_levels\security levels.dm:70:error: security_level: undefined var
code\modules\security_levels\security levels.dm:71:error: security_announcement_up.Announce: undefined var
code\modules\security_levels\security levels.dm:73:error: security_announcement_down.Announce: undefined var
code\modules\security_levels\security levels.dm:74:error: security_level: undefined var
code\modules\security_levels\security levels.dm:89:error: security_announcement_up.Announce: undefined var
code\modules\security_levels\security levels.dm:90:error: security_level: undefined var
code\modules\security_levels\security levels.dm:94:error: security_level: undefined var
code\modules\security_levels\security levels.dm:114:error: security_announcement_up.Announce: undefined var
code\modules\security_levels\security levels.dm:115:error: security_level: undefined var
code\modules\security_levels\security levels.dm:125:error: security_announcement_up.Announce: undefined var
code\modules\security_levels\security levels.dm:126:error: security_level: undefined var
code\modules\security_levels\security levels.dm:136:error: atc.reroute_traffic: undefined var
code\modules\security_levels\security levels.dm:138:error: atc.reroute_traffic: undefined var
code\modules\security_levels\security levels.dm:145:error: security_level: undefined var
code\modules\space_management\level_check.dm:2:error: space_manager.get_zlev_by_name: undefined var
code\modules\space_management\level_traits.dm:45:error: space_manager.initialized: undefined var
code\modules\space_management\level_traits.dm:46:error: space_manager.get_zlev: undefined var
code\modules\space_management\level_traits.dm:49:error: default_map_traits: undefined var
code\modules\space_management\level_traits.dm:55:error: space_manager.z_list: undefined var
code\modules\space_management\level_traits.dm:56:error: space_manager.z_list: undefined var
code\modules\space_management\level_traits.dm:62:error: space_manager.get_zlev_by_name: undefined var
code\modules\surgery\organs\robolimbs.dm:7:error: basic_robolimb: undefined var
code\modules\surgery\organs\robolimbs.dm:10:error: all_robolimbs: undefined var
code\modules\surgery\organs\robolimbs.dm:14:error: chargen_robolimbs: undefined var
code\modules\surgery\organs\robolimbs.dm:16:error: selectable_robolimbs: undefined var
code\datums\hud.dm:102:error: all_huds: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\scoreboard.dm:185:error: score_stuffshipped: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\scoreboard.dm:185:error: score_stuffshipped: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\scoreboard.dm:185:error: score_stuffharvested: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\scoreboard.dm:185:error: score_stuffharvested: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\scoreboard.dm:185:error: score_oremined: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\scoreboard.dm:185:error: score_oremined: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\scoreboard.dm:185:error: score_meals: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\scoreboard.dm:185:error: score_meals: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\scoreboard.dm:185:error: score_researchdone: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\scoreboard.dm:185:error: score_researchdone: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\scoreboard.dm:186:error: score_escapees: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\scoreboard.dm:186:error: score_escapees: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\scoreboard.dm:201:error: score_eventsendured: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\scoreboard.dm:201:error: score_eventsendured: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\scoreboard.dm:201:error: score_powerbonus: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\scoreboard.dm:201:error: score_powerbonus: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\scoreboard.dm:201:error: score_mess: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\scoreboard.dm:201:error: score_messbonus: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\scoreboard.dm:201:error: score_deadcrew: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\scoreboard.dm:201:error: score_deadcrew: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\scoreboard.dm:201:error: score_mess: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\scoreboard.dm:201:error: score_mess: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\scoreboard.dm:201:error: score_powerloss: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\scoreboard.dm:201:error: score_powerloss: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\scoreboard.dm:201:error: score_disease: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\scoreboard.dm:201:error: score_disease: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\scoreboard.dm:201:error: score_deadaipenalty: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\scoreboard.dm:201:error: score_deadaipenalty: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\scoreboard.dm:201:error: score_foodeaten: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\scoreboard.dm:201:error: score_clownabuse: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\scoreboard.dm:202:error: score_escapees: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\scoreboard.dm:204:error: score_richestname: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\scoreboard.dm:204:error: score_richestjob: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\scoreboard.dm:204:error: score_richestcash: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\scoreboard.dm:204:error: score_richestkey: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\scoreboard.dm:204:error: score_dmgestname: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\scoreboard.dm:204:error: score_dmgestjob: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\scoreboard.dm:204:error: score_dmgestdamage: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\scoreboard.dm:204:error: score_dmgestkey: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\scoreboard.dm:216:error: score_crewscore: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\scoreboard.dm:219:error: score_crewscore: undefined var
code\modules\economy\utils.dm:44:error: returnstation_account: undefined var
code\modules\karma\karma.dm:65:error: karma_spenders: undefined var
code\modules\mob\mob.dm:289:error: slot_equipment_priority: undefined var
code\modules\mob\mob.dm:300:error: slot_equipment_priority: undefined var
code\modules\mob\mob.dm:1121:error: mouse_respawn_time: undefined var
code\modules\mob\mob.dm:1123:error: mouse_respawn_time: undefined var
code\modules\mob\mob.dm:1124:error: mouse_respawn_time: undefined var
code\modules\mob\mob_helpers.dm:542:error: data_core.general: undefined var
code\modules\mob\mob_helpers.dm:542:error: data_core.medical: undefined var
code\modules\mob\mob_helpers.dm:542:error: data_core.security: undefined var
code\modules\mob\mob_helpers.dm:542:error: data_core.locked: undefined var
code\modules\mob\say.dm:134:error: department_radio_keys: undefined var
code\modules\mob\typing_indicator.dm:19:error: typing_indicator: undefined var
code\modules\mob\typing_indicator.dm:24:error: typing_indicator: undefined var
code\modules\mob\typing_indicator.dm:28:error: typing_indicator: undefined var
code\modules\mob\typing_indicator.dm:32:error: typing_indicator: undefined var
code\modules\admin\banjob.dm:155:error: dbcon.NewQuery: undefined var
code\modules\karma\karma.dm:142:error: karma_spenders: undefined var
code\modules\mob\mob.dm:744:error: abandon_allowed: undefined var
code\datums\spells\banana_touch.dm:58:error: CLUMSYBLOCK: undefined var
code\datums\spells\banana_touch.dm:59:error: COMICBLOCK: undefined var
code\datums\spells\banana_touch.dm:60:error: CLUMSYBLOCK: undefined var
code\datums\spells\banana_touch.dm:61:error: COMICBLOCK: undefined var
code\datums\spells\banana_touch.dm:63:error: CLUMSYBLOCK: undefined var
code\datums\spells\banana_touch.dm:64:error: COMICBLOCK: undefined var
code\datums\spells\cluwne.dm:30:error: NERVOUSBLOCK: undefined var
code\datums\spells\cluwne.dm:31:error: NERVOUSBLOCK: undefined var
code\datums\spells\cluwne.dm:59:error: COMICBLOCK: undefined var
code\datums\spells\cluwne.dm:60:error: CLUMSYBLOCK: undefined var
code\datums\spells\cluwne.dm:61:error: COMICBLOCK: undefined var
code\datums\spells\cluwne.dm:62:error: CLUMSYBLOCK: undefined var
code\datums\spells\cluwne.dm:63:error: COMICBLOCK: undefined var
code\datums\spells\cluwne.dm:65:error: NERVOUSBLOCK: undefined var
code\datums\spells\cluwne.dm:66:error: NERVOUSBLOCK: undefined var
code\datums\spells\mime_malaise.dm:52:error: MUTEBLOCK: undefined var
code\datums\spells\mime_malaise.dm:53:error: MUTEBLOCK: undefined var
code\datums\spells\mime_malaise.dm:54:error: MUTEBLOCK: undefined var
code\game\data_huds.dm:223:error: data_core.security: undefined var
code\modules\admin\verbs\vox_raiders.dm:13:error: vox_tick: undefined var
code\modules\admin\verbs\vox_raiders.dm:62:error: vox_tick: undefined var
code\modules\admin\verbs\vox_raiders.dm:63:error: vox_tick: undefined var
code\modules\admin\verbs\vox_raiders.dm:63:error: vox_tick: undefined var
code\modules\mob\transform_procs.dm:3:error: MONKEYBLOCK: undefined var
code\modules\mob\transform_procs.dm:4:error: MONKEYBLOCK: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\appearance.dm:1:error: default_state: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\appearance.dm:107:error: body_accessory_by_name: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\appearance.dm:109:error: body_accessory_by_name: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\appearance.dm:343:error: all_robolimbs: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\appearance.dm:371:error: all_robolimbs: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\appearance.dm:425:error: all_robolimbs: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\appearance.dm:440:error: body_accessory_by_name: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\appearance.dm:441:error: body_accessory_by_name: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\appearance.dm:443:error: body_accessory_by_name.Copy: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\update_icons.dm:194:error: human_icon_cache: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\update_icons.dm:195:error: human_icon_cache: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\update_icons.dm:244:error: human_icon_cache: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\death.dm:24:error: alldirs: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\examine.dm:348:error: data_core.general: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\examine.dm:350:error: data_core.security: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\examine.dm:361:error: data_core.general: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\examine.dm:363:error: data_core.general: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human.dm:33:error: default_martial_art: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human.dm:713:error: data_core.general: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human.dm:715:error: data_core.security: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human.dm:752:error: data_core.general: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human.dm:754:error: data_core.security: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human.dm:776:error: data_core.general: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human.dm:778:error: data_core.security: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human.dm:798:error: data_core.general: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human.dm:800:error: data_core.security: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human.dm:808:error: current_date_string: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human.dm:811:error: current_date_string: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human.dm:814:error: current_date_string: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human.dm:823:error: data_core.general: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human.dm:825:error: data_core.general: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human.dm:833:error: PDA_Manifest.len: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human.dm:834:error: PDA_Manifest.Cut: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human.dm:849:error: data_core.general: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human.dm:851:error: data_core.medical: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human.dm:874:error: data_core.general: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human.dm:876:error: data_core.medical: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human.dm:895:error: data_core.general: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human.dm:897:error: data_core.medical: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human.dm:905:error: current_date_string: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human.dm:908:error: current_date_string: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human.dm:911:error: current_date_string: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human.dm:1554:error: data_core.security: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\life.dm:90:error: HALLUCINATIONBLOCK: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\life.dm:170:error: dna_genes: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\say.dm:164:error: dna_genes: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\update_icons.dm:154:error: damage_icon_parts: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\update_icons.dm:158:error: damage_icon_parts: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\update_icons.dm:160:error: damage_icon_parts: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\update_icons.dm:462:error: dna_genes: undefined var
code\game\data_huds.dm:145:error: huds: undefined var
code\modules\flufftext\Dreaming.dm:47:error: cardinal: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\carbon.dm:1019:error: score_foodeaten: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\carbon.dm:1106:error: tinted_weldhelh: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\carbon.dm:129:error: alldirs: undefined var
code\_onclick\ai.dm:60:error: cameranet.checkTurfVis: undefined var
code\_onclick\ai.dm:231:error: cameranet: undefined var
code\_onclick\ai.dm:231:error: cameranet.checkTurfVis: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\malfunction\Malf_Modules.dm:616:error: cameranet.getCameraChunk: undefined var
code\game\machinery\camera\tracking.dm:20:error: cameranet.cameras: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\ai\ai.dm:115:error: ai_verbs_default: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\ai\ai.dm:119:error: ai_verbs_default: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\ai\ai.dm:771:error: cameranet: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\ai\ai.dm:771:error: cameranet.checkTurfVis: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\ai\ai.dm:822:error: cameranet.cameras: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\ai\ai.dm:843:error: cameranet.cameras: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\ai\ai.dm:919:error: data_core.locked: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\ai\ai.dm:1206:error: cameranet: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\ai\ai.dm:1206:error: cameranet.checkTurfVis: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\ai\ai.dm:1283:error: cameranet.visibility: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\ai\latejoin.dm:71:error: empty_playable_ai_cores.len: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\ai\latejoin.dm:76:error: empty_playable_ai_cores: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\ai\latejoin.dm:77:error: empty_playable_ai_cores: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\ai\say.dm:98:error: announcing_vox: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\ai\say.dm:99:error: announcing_vox: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\ai\say.dm:109:error: announcing_vox: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\ai\say.dm:123:error: vox_sounds: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\ai\say.dm:130:error: announcing_vox: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\ai\latejoin.dm:24:error: empty_playable_ai_cores: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\ai\latejoin.dm:25:error: global_announcer.autosay: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\ai\say.dm:84:error: vox_sounds: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\ai\say.dm:87:error: vox_sounds.len: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\ai\ai.dm:209:error: ai_list: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\ai\ai.dm:274:error: ai_list: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\ai\ai.dm:610:error: cameranet.cameras: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\ai\ai.dm:682:error: cameranet.checkCameraVis: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\ai\death.dm:30:error: priority_announcement.Announce: undefined var
code\modules\nano\interaction\default.dm:54:error: cameranet: undefined var
code\modules\nano\interaction\default.dm:54:error: cameranet.checkTurfVis: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\robot.dm:293:error: security_level: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\robot.dm:515:error: robot_verbs_default: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\robot.dm:519:error: robot_verbs_default: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\drone\drone.dm:191:error: lawchanges.Add: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\robot.dm:855:error: lawchanges.Add: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\robot.dm:1137:error: cameranet.updatePortableCamera: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\pai\software.dm:32:error: default_pai_software.Copy: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\pai\software.dm:40:error: self_state: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\pai\software.dm:61:error: self_state: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\pai\software.dm:75:error: pai_software_by_key: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\pai\software.dm:76:error: pai_software_by_key: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\pai\software.dm:93:error: pai_emotions: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\pai\software.dm:96:error: pai_emotions: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\pai\software.dm:125:error: pai_software_by_key: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\silicon.dm:220:error: data_core: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\silicon.dm:221:error: data_core.get_manifest: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\silicon.dm:247:error: huds: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\silicon.dm:248:error: huds: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\silicon.dm:249:error: huds: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\silicon.dm:256:error: huds: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\silicon.dm:260:error: huds: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\silicon.dm:264:error: huds: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\subsystems.dm:57:error: self_state: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\subsystems.dm:66:error: self_state: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\subsystems.dm:75:error: self_state: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\subsystems.dm:84:error: conscious_state: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\subsystems.dm:93:error: self_state: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\silicon.dm:41:error: huds: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\miniantags\guardian\types\healer.dm:36:error: huds: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\miniantags\bot_swarm\swarmer.dm:122:error: huds: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\miniantags\morph\morph.dm:139:error: alldirs: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\simple_animal\hostile\terror_spiders\ghost.dm:17:error: ts_ckey_blacklist: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\simple_animal\hostile\terror_spiders\hive.dm:7:error: ts_spiderlist: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\simple_animal\hostile\terror_spiders\hive.dm:23:error: ts_spiderlist: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\simple_animal\hostile\terror_spiders\hive.dm:30:error: ts_spiderlist: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\simple_animal\hostile\terror_spiders\hive.dm:34:error: ts_egg_list: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\simple_animal\hostile\terror_spiders\hive.dm:37:error: ts_spiderling_list: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\simple_animal\hostile\terror_spiders\terror_ai.dm:270:error: cardinal: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\simple_animal\hostile\terror_spiders\terror_spiders.dm:325:error: ts_count_dead: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\simple_animal\hostile\terror_spiders\terror_spiders.dm:326:error: ts_death_last: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\simple_animal\hostile\terror_spiders\terror_spiders.dm:328:error: ts_count_alive_awaymission: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\simple_animal\hostile\terror_spiders\terror_spiders.dm:330:error: ts_count_alive_station: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\simple_animal\hostile\terror_spiders\terror_spiders.dm:355:error: ts_spiderlist: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\simple_animal\hostile\terror_spiders\empress.dm:99:error: ts_spiderlist: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\simple_animal\hostile\terror_spiders\empress.dm:103:error: ts_egg_list: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\simple_animal\hostile\terror_spiders\empress.dm:105:error: ts_spiderling_list: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\simple_animal\hostile\terror_spiders\queen.dm:91:error: ts_spiderlist: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\simple_animal\hostile\terror_spiders\queen.dm:100:error: ts_spiderlist: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\simple_animal\hostile\terror_spiders\terror_ai.dm:106:error: ts_count_dead: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\simple_animal\hostile\terror_spiders\terror_ai.dm:107:error: ts_death_last: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\simple_animal\hostile\terror_spiders\terror_ai.dm:107:error: ts_death_window: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\simple_animal\hostile\terror_spiders\terror_spiders.dm:248:error: ts_spiderlist: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\simple_animal\hostile\terror_spiders\terror_spiders.dm:265:error: ts_count_alive_awaymission: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\simple_animal\hostile\terror_spiders\terror_spiders.dm:275:error: ts_count_alive_station: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\simple_animal\hostile\terror_spiders\terror_spiders.dm:279:error: huds: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\simple_animal\hostile\terror_spiders\terror_spiders.dm:295:error: ts_spiderlist: undefined var
code\modules\mining\lavaland\loot\colossus_loot.dm:377:error: huds: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\simple_animal\hostile\floorcluwne.dm:81:error: teleportlocs: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\simple_animal\hostile\floorcluwne.dm:82:error: teleportlocs: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\simple_animal\hostile\hostile.dm:458:error: diagonals: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\simple_animal\hostile\hostile.dm:459:error: cardinal: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\simple_animal\hostile\hostile.dm:470:error: cardinal: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\simple_animal\hostile\mimic.dm:144:error: protected_objects: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\simple_animal\hostile\megafauna\bubblegum.dm:399:error: cardinal: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\simple_animal\hostile\megafauna\bubblegum.dm:401:error: cardinal: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\simple_animal\hostile\megafauna\colossus.dm:106:error: alldirs: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\simple_animal\hostile\megafauna\colossus.dm:130:error: diagonals: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\simple_animal\hostile\megafauna\colossus.dm:132:error: cardinal: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\simple_animal\hostile\megafauna\colossus.dm:134:error: diagonals: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\simple_animal\hostile\megafauna\colossus.dm:136:error: cardinal: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\simple_animal\hostile\megafauna\colossus.dm:153:error: alldirs: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\simple_animal\hostile\megafauna\colossus.dm:201:error: alldirs.Copy: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\simple_animal\hostile\megafauna\drake.dm:369:error: alldirs: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\simple_animal\hostile\megafauna\hierophant.dm:182:error: cardinal: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\simple_animal\hostile\megafauna\hierophant.dm:189:error: alldirs: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\simple_animal\hostile\megafauna\hierophant.dm:191:error: cardinal: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\simple_animal\hostile\megafauna\hierophant.dm:193:error: diagonals: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\simple_animal\hostile\megafauna\hierophant.dm:229:error: cardinal: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\simple_animal\hostile\megafauna\hierophant.dm:231:error: diagonals: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\simple_animal\hostile\megafauna\hierophant.dm:247:error: cardinal.Copy: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\simple_animal\hostile\megafauna\hierophant.dm:266:error: cardinal: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\simple_animal\hostile\megafauna\hierophant.dm:270:error: cardinal: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\simple_animal\hostile\megafauna\hierophant.dm:272:error: diagonals: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\simple_animal\hostile\megafauna\hierophant.dm:298:error: cardinal: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\simple_animal\hostile\megafauna\swarmer.dm:69:error: cardinal: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\simple_animal\slime\life.dm:371:error: cardinal: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\simple_animal\slime\life.dm:379:error: cardinal: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\simple_animal\bot\bot.dm:1054:error: huds: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\simple_animal\bot\bot.dm:1075:error: diagonals: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\simple_animal\bot\bot.dm:163:error: huds: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\simple_animal\bot\bot.dm:394:error: cardinal: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\simple_animal\bot\ed209bot.dm:71:error: huds: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\simple_animal\bot\ed209bot.dm:476:error: cardinal: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\simple_animal\bot\secbot.dm:93:error: huds: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\simple_animal\bot\medbot.dm:126:error: huds: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\simple_animal\friendly\diona.dm:148:error: T: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\simple_animal\friendly\diona.dm:149:error: T: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\simple_animal\friendly\diona.dm:153:error: T: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\simple_animal\simple_animal.dm:187:error: cardinal: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\simple_animal\parrot.dm:360:error: cardinal: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\simple_animal\tribbles.dm:38:error: totaltribbles: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\simple_animal\tribbles.dm:64:error: totaltribbles: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\simple_animal\tribbles.dm:87:error: totaltribbles: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\simple_animal\friendly\farm_animals.dm:261:error: chicken_count: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\simple_animal\friendly\farm_animals.dm:268:error: chicken_count: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\simple_animal\friendly\farm_animals.dm:293:error: chicken_count: undefined var
code\modules\admin\verbs\freeze.dm:44:error: frozen_mob_list: undefined var
code\modules\admin\verbs\freeze.dm:45:error: frozen_mob_list: undefined var
code\modules\admin\verbs\freeze.dm:61:error: frozen_mob_list: undefined var
code\modules\admin\verbs\freeze.dm:62:error: frozen_mob_list: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\living.dm:583:error: cardinal: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\status_procs.dm:481:error: BLINDBLOCK: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\status_procs.dm:491:error: COUGHBLOCK: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\status_procs.dm:500:error: DEAFBLOCK: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\status_procs.dm:509:error: EPILEPSYBLOCK: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\status_procs.dm:518:error: MUTEBLOCK: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\status_procs.dm:534:error: GLASSESBLOCK: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\status_procs.dm:544:error: NERVOUSBLOCK: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\status_procs.dm:553:error: TWITCHBLOCK: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\living.dm:3:error: huds: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\carbon.dm:435:error: ventcrawl_machinery: undefined var
code\modules\mob\dead\observer\observer.dm:389:error: huds: undefined var
code\modules\mob\dead\observer\observer.dm:619:error: data_core.get_manifest: undefined var
code\modules\mob\dead\observer\logout.dm:3:error: ghost_images: undefined var
code\modules\mob\dead\observer\observer.dm:78:error: ghost_images: undefined var
code\modules\mob\dead\observer\observer.dm:81:error: latejoin: undefined var
code\modules\mob\dead\observer\observer.dm:98:error: ghost_images: undefined var
code\modules\mob\dead\observer\observer.dm:322:error: huds: undefined var
code\modules\mob\dead\observer\observer.dm:326:error: huds: undefined var
code\modules\mob\dead\observer\observer.dm:410:error: ghostteleportlocs: undefined var
code\modules\mob\dead\observer\observer.dm:746:error: ghost_images: undefined var
code\modules\mob\dead\observer\observer.dm:749:error: ghost_images: undefined var
code\modules\response_team\ert.dm:41:error: send_emergency_team: undefined var
code\modules\response_team\ert.dm:49:error: responseteam_age: undefined var
code\modules\mob\new_player\login.dm:3:error: join_motd: undefined var
code\modules\mob\new_player\login.dm:4:error: join_motd: undefined var
code\modules\mob\new_player\login.dm:11:error: newplayer_start: undefined var
code\modules\mob\new_player\login.dm:12:error: newplayer_start: undefined var
code\modules\mob\new_player\login.dm:32:error: dbcon.IsConnected: undefined var
code\modules\mob\new_player\login.dm:36:error: dbcon.NewQuery: undefined var
code\modules\mob\new_player\new_player.dm:30:error: dbcon.IsConnected: undefined var
code\modules\mob\new_player\new_player.dm:34:error: dbcon.NewQuery: undefined var
code\modules\mob\new_player\new_player.dm:83:error: dbcon.IsConnected: undefined var
code\modules\mob\new_player\new_player.dm:87:error: dbcon.NewQuery: undefined var
code\modules\mob\new_player\new_player.dm:307:error: enter_allowed: undefined var
code\modules\mob\new_player\new_player.dm:341:error: ertdirector: undefined var
code\modules\mob\new_player\new_player.dm:343:error: syndicateofficer: undefined var
code\modules\mob\new_player\new_player.dm:345:error: aroomwarp: undefined var
code\modules\mob\new_player\new_player.dm:349:error: spawntypes: undefined var
code\modules\mob\new_player\new_player.dm:356:error: latejoin: undefined var
code\modules\mob\new_player\new_player.dm:359:error: latejoin: undefined var
code\modules\mob\new_player\new_player.dm:378:error: data_core.manifest_inject: undefined var
code\modules\mob\new_player\new_player.dm:415:error: global_announcer.autosay: undefined var
code\modules\mob\new_player\new_player.dm:419:error: employmentCabinets: undefined var
code\modules\mob\new_player\new_player.dm:439:error: global_announcer.autosay: undefined var
code\modules\mob\new_player\new_player.dm:470:error: command_positions: undefined var
code\modules\mob\new_player\new_player.dm:471:error: engineering_positions: undefined var
code\modules\mob\new_player\new_player.dm:472:error: security_positions: undefined var
code\modules\mob\new_player\new_player.dm:474:error: nonhuman_positions: undefined var
code\modules\mob\new_player\new_player.dm:475:error: service_positions: undefined var
code\modules\mob\new_player\new_player.dm:476:error: medical_positions: undefined var
code\modules\mob\new_player\new_player.dm:477:error: science_positions: undefined var
code\modules\mob\new_player\new_player.dm:478:error: supply_positions: undefined var
code\modules\mob\new_player\new_player.dm:498:error: command_positions: undefined var
code\modules\mob\new_player\new_player.dm:587:error: data_core.get_manifest: undefined var
code\modules\mob\new_player\new_player.dm:114:error: master_mode: undefined var
code\modules\mob\new_player\new_player.dm:118:error: going: undefined var
code\modules\mob\new_player\new_player.dm:120:error: going: undefined var
code\modules\mob\new_player\new_player.dm:146:error: dbcon.NewQuery: undefined var
code\modules\mob\new_player\new_player.dm:155:error: dbcon.NewQuery: undefined var
code\modules\mob\new_player\new_player.dm:235:error: enter_allowed: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\blob\powers.dm:25:error: blob_nodes.len: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\blob\powers.dm:27:error: blob_nodes.len: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\blob\powers.dm:28:error: blob_nodes: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\blob\powers.dm:466:error: blobs: undefined var
code\game\machinery\computer\camera_advanced.dm:142:error: cameranet.visibility: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\ai\multicam.dm:138:error: cameranet.visibility: undefined var
code\modules\mob\login.dm:54:error: ability_verbs: undefined var
code\modules\mob\logout.dm:9:error: admin_datums: undefined var
code\modules\mob\logout.dm:10:error: admin_datums: undefined var
code\__HELPERS\files.dm:54:error: fileaccess_timer: undefined var
code\__HELPERS\files.dm:58:error: fileaccess_timer: undefined var
code\controllers\verbs.dm:56:error: paiController: undefined var
code\controllers\verbs.dm:59:error: cameranet: undefined var
code\controllers\verbs.dm:95:error: space_manager: undefined var
code\game\jobs\job_exp.dm:166:error: exp_jobsmap: undefined var
code\game\jobs\job_exp.dm:241:error: dbcon.NewQuery: undefined var
code\game\jobs\job_exp.dm:255:error: exp_jobsmap: undefined var
code\game\jobs\job_exp.dm:273:error: exp_jobsmap: undefined var
code\game\jobs\job_exp.dm:274:error: exp_jobsmap: undefined var
code\game\jobs\job_exp.dm:275:error: exp_jobsmap: undefined var
code\game\jobs\job_exp.dm:293:error: dbcon.NewQuery: undefined var
code\game\jobs\job_exp.dm:299:error: dbcon.NewQuery: undefined var
code\game\machinery\computer\ai_core.dm:272:error: empty_playable_ai_cores: undefined var
code\game\machinery\computer\ai_core.dm:273:error: empty_playable_ai_cores: undefined var
code\game\machinery\computer\ai_core.dm:276:error: empty_playable_ai_cores: undefined var
code\game\verbs\ooc.dm:117:error: normal_ooc_colour: undefined var
code\game\verbs\ooc.dm:131:error: normal_ooc_colour: undefined var
code\game\verbs\ooc.dm:131:error: normal_ooc_colour: undefined var
code\game\verbs\ooc.dm:131:error: initial: bad variable
code\modules\admin\admin_investigate.dm:37:error: investigate_log_subjects: undefined var
code\modules\admin\admin_memo.dm:6:error: dbcon.IsConnected: undefined var
code\modules\admin\admin_memo.dm:19:error: dbcon.IsConnected: undefined var
code\modules\admin\admin_memo.dm:25:error: dbcon.NewQuery: undefined var
code\modules\admin\admin_memo.dm:38:error: dbcon.NewQuery: undefined var
code\modules\admin\admin_memo.dm:46:error: dbcon.NewQuery: undefined var
code\modules\admin\admin_memo.dm:62:error: dbcon.NewQuery: undefined var
code\modules\admin\admin_memo.dm:75:error: dbcon.NewQuery: undefined var
code\modules\admin\admin_memo.dm:87:error: dbcon.NewQuery: undefined var
code\modules\admin\admin_memo.dm:107:error: dbcon.NewQuery: undefined var
code\modules\admin\admin_memo.dm:123:error: dbcon.NewQuery: undefined var
code\modules\admin\admin_verbs.dm:232:error: admin_verbs_default: undefined var
code\modules\admin\admin_verbs.dm:236:error: admin_verbs_admin: undefined var
code\modules\admin\admin_verbs.dm:237:error: admin_verbs_ticket: undefined var
code\modules\admin\admin_verbs.dm:241:error: admin_verbs_ban: undefined var
code\modules\admin\admin_verbs.dm:243:error: admin_verbs_event: undefined var
code\modules\admin\admin_verbs.dm:245:error: admin_verbs_server: undefined var
code\modules\admin\admin_verbs.dm:247:error: admin_verbs_debug: undefined var
code\modules\admin\admin_verbs.dm:249:error: admin_verbs_possess: undefined var
code\modules\admin\admin_verbs.dm:251:error: admin_verbs_permissions: undefined var
code\modules\admin\admin_verbs.dm:255:error: admin_verbs_rejuv: undefined var
code\modules\admin\admin_verbs.dm:257:error: admin_verbs_sounds: undefined var
code\modules\admin\admin_verbs.dm:259:error: admin_verbs_spawn: undefined var
code\modules\admin\admin_verbs.dm:261:error: admin_verbs_mod: undefined var
code\modules\admin\admin_verbs.dm:263:error: admin_verbs_mentor: undefined var
code\modules\admin\admin_verbs.dm:265:error: admin_verbs_proccall: undefined var
code\modules\admin\admin_verbs.dm:269:error: admin_verbs_default: undefined var
code\modules\admin\admin_verbs.dm:271:error: admin_verbs_admin: undefined var
code\modules\admin\admin_verbs.dm:272:error: admin_verbs_ban: undefined var
code\modules\admin\admin_verbs.dm:273:error: admin_verbs_event: undefined var
code\modules\admin\admin_verbs.dm:274:error: admin_verbs_server: undefined var
code\modules\admin\admin_verbs.dm:275:error: admin_verbs_debug: undefined var
code\modules\admin\admin_verbs.dm:276:error: admin_verbs_possess: undefined var
code\modules\admin\admin_verbs.dm:277:error: admin_verbs_permissions: undefined var
code\modules\admin\admin_verbs.dm:279:error: admin_verbs_rejuv: undefined var
code\modules\admin\admin_verbs.dm:280:error: admin_verbs_sounds: undefined var
code\modules\admin\admin_verbs.dm:281:error: admin_verbs_spawn: undefined var
code\modules\admin\admin_verbs.dm:282:error: admin_verbs_mod: undefined var
code\modules\admin\admin_verbs.dm:283:error: admin_verbs_mentor: undefined var
code\modules\admin\admin_verbs.dm:284:error: admin_verbs_proccall: undefined var
code\modules\admin\admin_verbs.dm:285:error: admin_verbs_show_debug_verbs: undefined var
code\modules\admin\admin_verbs.dm:287:error: admin_verbs_ticket: undefined var
code\modules\admin\admin_verbs.dm:517:error: admin_datums: undefined var
code\modules\admin\admin_verbs.dm:524:error: preferences_datums: undefined var
code\modules\admin\admin_verbs.dm:604:error: spells: undefined var
code\modules\admin\admin_verbs.dm:623:error: diseases: undefined var
code\modules\admin\admin_verbs.dm:697:error: admin_datums: undefined var
code\modules\admin\admin_verbs.dm:710:error: dbcon.IsConnected: undefined var
code\modules\admin\admin_verbs.dm:715:error: dbcon.NewQuery: undefined var
code\modules\admin\admin_verbs.dm:721:error: admin_ranks: undefined var
code\modules\admin\admin_verbs.dm:726:error: admin_ranks: undefined var
code\modules\admin\admin_verbs.dm:729:error: dbcon.NewQuery: undefined var
code\modules\admin\admin_verbs.dm:794:error: admin_state: undefined var
code\modules\admin\create_poll.dm:6:error: dbcon.IsConnected: undefined var
code\modules\admin\create_poll.dm:128:error: dbcon.NewQuery: undefined var
code\modules\admin\create_poll.dm:179:error: dbcon.NewQuery: undefined var
code\modules\admin\create_poll.dm:186:error: dbcon.NewQuery: undefined var
code\modules\admin\create_poll.dm:195:error: dbcon.NewQuery: undefined var
code\modules\admin\holder2.dm:91:error: admin_datums: undefined var
code\modules\admin\topic.dm:3444:error: latejoin: undefined var
code\modules\admin\topic.dm:3474:error: huds: undefined var
code\modules\admin\watchlist.dm:9:error: dbcon.NewQuery: undefined var
code\modules\admin\watchlist.dm:32:error: dbcon.NewQuery: undefined var
code\modules\admin\watchlist.dm:46:error: dbcon.NewQuery: undefined var
code\modules\admin\watchlist.dm:60:error: dbcon.NewQuery: undefined var
code\modules\admin\watchlist.dm:74:error: dbcon.NewQuery: undefined var
code\modules\admin\watchlist.dm:99:error: dbcon.NewQuery: undefined var
code\modules\admin\verbs\adminsay.dm:62:error: admin_verbs_mentor: undefined var
code\modules\admin\verbs\adminsay.dm:64:error: admin_verbs_mentor: undefined var
code\modules\admin\verbs\adminsay.dm:67:error: admin_verbs_mentor: undefined var
code\modules\admin\verbs\alt_check.dm:9:error: dbcon.IsConnected: undefined var
code\modules\admin\verbs\atmosdebug.dm:31:error: cardinal: undefined var
code\modules\admin\verbs\custom_event.dm:10:error: custom_event_msg: undefined var
code\modules\admin\verbs\custom_event.dm:12:error: custom_event_msg: undefined var
code\modules\admin\verbs\custom_event.dm:20:error: custom_event_msg: undefined var
code\modules\admin\verbs\custom_event.dm:24:error: custom_event_msg: undefined var
code\modules\admin\verbs\debug.dm:8:error: Debug2: undefined var
code\modules\admin\verbs\debug.dm:9:error: Debug2: undefined var
code\modules\admin\verbs\debug.dm:13:error: Debug2: undefined var
code\modules\admin\verbs\debug.dm:294:error: paiController.pai_candidates: undefined var
code\modules\admin\verbs\debug.dm:296:error: paiController.pai_candidates.Remove: undefined var
code\modules\admin\verbs\debug.dm:809:error: assigned_blocks: undefined var
code\modules\admin\verbs\debug.dm:838:error: error_cache.showTo: undefined var
code\modules\admin\verbs\diagnostics.dm:22:error: T: undefined var
code\modules\admin\verbs\diagnostics.dm:23:error: T: undefined var
code\modules\admin\verbs\diagnostics.dm:134:error: jobban_keylist: undefined var
code\modules\admin\verbs\diagnostics.dm:153:error: jobban_keylist: undefined var
code\modules\admin\verbs\freeze.dm:19:error: frozen_mob_list: undefined var
code\modules\admin\verbs\honksquad.dm:13:error: sent_honksquad: undefined var
code\modules\admin\verbs\honksquad.dm:27:error: sent_honksquad: undefined var
code\modules\admin\verbs\honksquad.dm:31:error: sent_honksquad: undefined var
code\modules\admin\verbs\infiltratorteam_syndicate.dm:38:error: sent_syndicate_infiltration_team: undefined var
code\modules\admin\verbs\infiltratorteam_syndicate.dm:64:error: sent_syndicate_infiltration_team: undefined var
code\modules\admin\verbs\infiltratorteam_syndicate.dm:93:error: data_core.manifest_inject: undefined var
code\modules\admin\verbs\infiltratorteam_syndicate.dm:107:error: huds: undefined var
code\modules\admin\verbs\map_template_loadverb.dm:9:error: map_templates: undefined var
code\modules\admin\verbs\map_template_loadverb.dm:12:error: map_templates: undefined var
code\modules\admin\verbs\map_template_loadverb.dm:51:error: map_templates: undefined var
code\modules\admin\verbs\mapping.dm:53:error: camera_range_display_status: undefined var
code\modules\admin\verbs\mapping.dm:54:error: camera_range_display_status: undefined var
code\modules\admin\verbs\mapping.dm:56:error: camera_range_display_status: undefined var
code\modules\admin\verbs\mapping.dm:61:error: camera_range_display_status: undefined var
code\modules\admin\verbs\mapping.dm:62:error: cameranet.cameras: undefined var
code\modules\admin\verbs\mapping.dm:75:error: cameranet.cameras: undefined var
code\modules\admin\verbs\mapping.dm:112:error: intercom_range_display_status: undefined var
code\modules\admin\verbs\mapping.dm:113:error: intercom_range_display_status: undefined var
code\modules\admin\verbs\mapping.dm:115:error: intercom_range_display_status: undefined var
code\modules\admin\verbs\mapping.dm:120:error: intercom_range_display_status: undefined var
code\modules\admin\verbs\massmodvar.dm:48:error: VVckey_edit: undefined var
code\modules\admin\verbs\massmodvar.dm:51:error: VVlocked: undefined var
code\modules\admin\verbs\massmodvar.dm:54:error: VVicon_edit_lock: undefined var
code\modules\admin\verbs\massmodvar.dm:57:error: VVpixelmovement: undefined var
code\modules\admin\verbs\onlyone.dm:57:error: nologevent: undefined var
code\modules\admin\verbs\onlyone.dm:103:error: nologevent: undefined var
code\modules\admin\verbs\onlyoneteam.dm:32:error: team_alpha: undefined var
code\modules\admin\verbs\onlyoneteam.dm:45:error: team_bravo: undefined var
code\modules\admin\verbs\onlyoneteam.dm:63:error: nologevent: undefined var
code\modules\admin\verbs\playsound.dm:24:error: sounds_cache: undefined var
code\modules\admin\verbs\playsound.dm:57:error: sounds_cache: undefined var
code\modules\admin\verbs\playsound.dm:75:error: sounds_cache: undefined var
code\modules\admin\verbs\randomverbs.dm:36:error: prisonwarp: undefined var
code\modules\admin\verbs\randomverbs.dm:364:error: xeno_spawn.len: undefined var
code\modules\admin\verbs\randomverbs.dm:364:error: xeno_spawn: undefined var
code\modules\admin\verbs\randomverbs.dm:365:error: latejoin: undefined var
code\modules\admin\verbs\randomverbs.dm:384:error: latejoin: undefined var
code\modules\admin\verbs\randomverbs.dm:391:error: data_core.locked: undefined var
code\modules\admin\verbs\randomverbs.dm:449:error: wizardstart: undefined var
code\modules\admin\verbs\randomverbs.dm:484:error: data_core.manifest_inject: undefined var
code\modules\admin\verbs\randomverbs.dm:626:error: command_announcement.Announce: undefined var
code\modules\admin\verbs\randomverbs.dm:630:error: command_announcer.autosay: undefined var
code\modules\admin\verbs\randomverbs.dm:989:error: command_positions: undefined var
code\modules\admin\verbs\randomverbs.dm:1028:error: command_positions: undefined var
code\modules\admin\verbs\space_transitions.dm:16:error: space_manager.do_transition_setup: undefined var
code\modules\admin\verbs\space_transitions.dm:40:error: space_manager.map_as_turfs: undefined var
code\modules\admin\verbs\striketeam.dm:10:error: sent_strike_team: undefined var
code\modules\admin\verbs\striketeam.dm:26:error: sent_strike_team: undefined var
code\modules\admin\verbs\striketeam.dm:40:error: role_playtime_requirements: undefined var
code\modules\admin\verbs\striketeam.dm:45:error: sent_strike_team: undefined var
code\modules\admin\verbs\striketeam_syndicate.dm:15:error: sent_syndicate_strike_team: undefined var
code\modules\admin\verbs\striketeam_syndicate.dm:31:error: sent_syndicate_strike_team: undefined var
code\modules\admin\verbs\striketeam_syndicate.dm:48:error: role_playtime_requirements: undefined var
code\modules\admin\verbs\striketeam_syndicate.dm:53:error: sent_syndicate_strike_team: undefined var
code\modules\admin\verbs\striketeam_syndicate.dm:88:error: huds: undefined var
code\modules\admin\verbs\toggledebugverbs.dm:35:error: admin_verbs_show_debug_verbs: undefined var
code\modules\client\client procs.dm:455:error: dbcon.IsConnected: undefined var
code\modules\client\client procs.dm:464:error: dbcon.NewQuery: undefined var
code\modules\client\client procs.dm:485:error: dbcon.IsConnected: undefined var
code\modules\client\client procs.dm:489:error: dbcon.NewQuery: undefined var
code\modules\client\client procs.dm:499:error: dbcon.NewQuery: undefined var
code\modules\client\client procs.dm:507:error: dbcon.NewQuery: undefined var
code\modules\client\client procs.dm:549:error: dbcon.NewQuery: undefined var
code\modules\client\client procs.dm:564:error: dbcon.NewQuery: undefined var
code\modules\client\client procs.dm:571:error: dbcon.NewQuery: undefined var
code\modules\client\client procs.dm:619:error: dbcon.NewQuery: undefined var
code\modules\client\client procs.dm:626:error: dbcon.NewQuery: undefined var
code\modules\client\client procs.dm:641:error: dbcon.NewQuery: undefined var
code\modules\client\client procs.dm:685:error: dbcon.NewQuery: undefined var
code\modules\client\client procs.dm:750:error: dbcon.NewQuery: undefined var
code\modules\client\client procs.dm:759:error: dbcon.NewQuery: undefined var
code\modules\client\client procs.dm:893:error: changelog_hash: undefined var
code\modules\karma\karma.dm:171:error: dbcon.IsConnected: undefined var
code\modules\karma\karma.dm:175:error: dbcon.NewQuery: undefined var
code\modules\karma\karma.dm:290:error: dbcon.NewQuery: undefined var
code\modules\karma\karma.dm:299:error: dbcon.NewQuery: undefined var
code\modules\karma\karma.dm:313:error: dbcon.NewQuery: undefined var
code\modules\karma\karma.dm:326:error: dbcon.NewQuery: undefined var
code\modules\karma\karma.dm:335:error: dbcon.NewQuery: undefined var
code\modules\karma\karma.dm:349:error: dbcon.NewQuery: undefined var
code\modules\karma\karma.dm:362:error: dbcon.NewQuery: undefined var
code\modules\karma\karma.dm:371:error: dbcon.NewQuery: undefined var
code\modules\karma\karma.dm:391:error: dbcon.NewQuery: undefined var
code\modules\karma\karma.dm:415:error: dbcon.NewQuery: undefined var
code\modules\karma\karma.dm:434:error: dbcon.NewQuery: undefined var
code\modules\library\admin.dm:14:error: dbcon.NewQuery: undefined var
code\modules\mob\new_player\poll.dm:15:error: dbcon.IsConnected: undefined var
code\modules\mob\new_player\poll.dm:20:error: dbcon.NewQuery: undefined var
code\modules\mob\new_player\poll.dm:47:error: dbcon.NewQuery: undefined var
code\modules\mob\new_player\poll.dm:64:error: dbcon.IsConnected: undefined var
code\modules\mob\new_player\poll.dm:66:error: dbcon.NewQuery: undefined var
code\modules\mob\new_player\poll.dm:95:error: dbcon.NewQuery: undefined var
code\modules\mob\new_player\poll.dm:143:error: dbcon.NewQuery: undefined var
code\modules\mob\new_player\poll.dm:159:error: dbcon.NewQuery: undefined var
code\modules\mob\new_player\poll.dm:180:error: dbcon.NewQuery: undefined var
code\modules\mob\new_player\poll.dm:204:error: dbcon.IsConnected: undefined var
code\modules\mob\new_player\poll.dm:206:error: dbcon.NewQuery: undefined var
code\modules\mob\new_player\poll.dm:232:error: dbcon.NewQuery: undefined var
code\modules\mob\new_player\poll.dm:244:error: dbcon.NewQuery: undefined var
code\modules\mob\new_player\poll.dm:289:error: dbcon.NewQuery: undefined var
code\modules\mob\new_player\poll.dm:334:error: dbcon.NewQuery: undefined var
code\modules\mob\new_player\poll.dm:361:error: dbcon.NewQuery: undefined var
code\modules\mob\new_player\poll.dm:407:error: dbcon.NewQuery: undefined var
code\modules\mob\new_player\poll.dm:420:error: dbcon.NewQuery: undefined var
code\modules\mob\new_player\poll.dm:481:error: dbcon.IsConnected: undefined var
code\modules\mob\new_player\poll.dm:483:error: dbcon.NewQuery: undefined var
code\modules\mob\new_player\poll.dm:501:error: dbcon.NewQuery: undefined var
code\modules\mob\new_player\poll.dm:516:error: dbcon.NewQuery: undefined var
code\modules\mob\new_player\poll.dm:537:error: dbcon.NewQuery: undefined var
code\modules\mob\new_player\poll.dm:551:error: dbcon.IsConnected: undefined var
code\modules\mob\new_player\poll.dm:553:error: dbcon.NewQuery: undefined var
code\modules\mob\new_player\poll.dm:570:error: dbcon.NewQuery: undefined var
code\modules\mob\new_player\poll.dm:595:error: dbcon.NewQuery: undefined var
code\modules\mob\new_player\poll.dm:609:error: dbcon.IsConnected: undefined var
code\modules\mob\new_player\poll.dm:611:error: dbcon.NewQuery: undefined var
code\modules\mob\new_player\poll.dm:626:error: dbcon.NewQuery: undefined var
code\modules\mob\new_player\poll.dm:641:error: dbcon.NewQuery: undefined var
code\modules\mob\new_player\poll.dm:657:error: dbcon.NewQuery: undefined var
code\modules\response_team\ert.dm:32:error: send_emergency_team: undefined var
code\modules\response_team\ert.dm:138:error: active_team.getCyborgUnlock: undefined var
code\modules\response_team\ert.dm:188:error: active_team.equip_officer: undefined var
code\game\verbs\ooc.dm:57:error: normal_ooc_colour: undefined var
code\game\verbs\ooc.dm:59:error: mentor_ooc_colour: undefined var
code\game\verbs\ooc.dm:61:error: moderator_ooc_colour: undefined var
code\game\verbs\ooc.dm:66:error: admin_ooc_colour: undefined var
code\game\verbs\ooc.dm:69:error: normal_ooc_colour: undefined var
code\game\verbs\ooc.dm:71:error: member_ooc_colour: undefined var
code\modules\admin\verbs\adminhelp.dm:69:error: adminhelp_ignored_words: undefined var
code\modules\admin\verbs\custom_event.dm:32:error: custom_event_msg: undefined var
code\modules\admin\verbs\custom_event.dm:32:error: custom_event_msg: undefined var
code\modules\admin\verbs\custom_event.dm:39:error: custom_event_msg: undefined var
interface\interface.dm:42:error: changelog_hash: undefined var
interface\interface.dm:43:error: changelog_hash: undefined var
code\modules\client\client procs.dm:322:error: admin_datums: undefined var
code\modules\client\client procs.dm:328:error: preferences_datums: undefined var
code\modules\client\client procs.dm:331:error: preferences_datums: undefined var
code\modules\client\client procs.dm:342:error: host: undefined var
code\modules\client\client procs.dm:343:error: host: undefined var
code\modules\client\client procs.dm:379:error: changelog_hash: undefined var
code\modules\client\client procs.dm:396:error: custom_event_msg: undefined var
code\modules\client\client procs.dm:396:error: custom_event_msg: undefined var
code\modules\client\client procs.dm:399:error: custom_event_msg: undefined var
code\modules\mob\mob_movement.dm:181:error: alldirs: undefined var
code\game\machinery\camera\camera.dm:46:error: cameranet.cameras: undefined var
code\game\machinery\camera\camera.dm:47:error: cameranet.addCamera: undefined var
code\game\machinery\camera\camera.dm:64:error: cameranet.removeCamera: undefined var
code\game\machinery\camera\camera.dm:65:error: cameranet.cameras: undefined var
code\game\machinery\camera\camera.dm:80:error: cameranet.removeCamera: undefined var
code\game\machinery\camera\camera.dm:94:error: cameranet.addCamera: undefined var
code\game\machinery\camera\camera.dm:119:error: cameranet.updateVisibility: undefined var
code\game\machinery\camera\camera.dm:288:error: cameranet.addCamera: undefined var
code\game\machinery\camera\camera.dm:291:error: cameranet.removeCamera: undefined var
code\game\machinery\camera\camera.dm:292:error: cameranet.updateChunk: undefined var
code\game\machinery\camera\camera.dm:379:error: ai_list: undefined var
code\game\machinery\camera\presets.dm:77:error: cameranet.updateVisibility: undefined var
code\game\machinery\camera\camera.dm:431:error: cameranet: undefined var
code\game\machinery\camera\camera.dm:432:error: cameranet.updatePortableCamera: undefined var
code\game\machinery\doors\airlock.dm:553:error: default_state: undefined var
code\game\machinery\doors\door.dm:355:error: cameranet: undefined var
code\game\machinery\doors\door.dm:356:error: cameranet.updateVisibility: undefined var
code\modules\power\apc.dm:1082:error: ai_list: undefined var
code\modules\power\apc.dm:796:error: default_state: undefined var
code\modules\power\supermatter\supermatter.dm:369:error: rad_collectors: undefined var
code\modules\power\supermatter\supermatter.dm:347:error: default_state: undefined var
code\modules\power\port_gen.dm:336:error: default_state: undefined var
code\modules\power\power.dm:165:error: cardinal: undefined var
code\modules\power\power.dm:185:error: cardinal: undefined var
code\modules\power\smes.dm:54:error: cardinal: undefined var
code\modules\power\smes.dm:374:error: default_state: undefined var
code\modules\power\solar.dm:382:error: default_state: undefined var
code\modules\power\singularity\collector.dm:22:error: rad_collectors: undefined var
code\modules\power\singularity\collector.dm:25:error: rad_collectors: undefined var
code\game\machinery\turret_control.dm:150:error: default_state: undefined var
code\modules\awaymissions\gateway.dm:82:error: alldirs: undefined var
code\modules\awaymissions\gateway.dm:153:error: awaydestinations: undefined var
code\modules\awaymissions\gateway.dm:200:error: alldirs: undefined var
code\ATMOSPHERICS\atmospherics.dm:260:error: cardinal: undefined var
code\ATMOSPHERICS\atmospherics.dm:268:error: ventcrawl_machinery: undefined var
code\ATMOSPHERICS\atmospherics.dm:281:error: ventcrawl_machinery: undefined var
code\ATMOSPHERICS\atmospherics.dm:290:error: ventcrawl_machinery: undefined var
code\ATMOSPHERICS\pipes\manifold.dm:36:error: cardinal: undefined var
code\ATMOSPHERICS\pipes\manifold4w.dm:140:error: cardinal: undefined var
code\ATMOSPHERICS\pipes\simple\pipe_simple.dm:51:error: cardinal: undefined var
code\ATMOSPHERICS\pipes\simple\pipe_simple_he.dm:72:error: cardinal: undefined var
code\ATMOSPHERICS\components\binary_devices\volume_pump.dm:196:error: default_state: undefined var
code\ATMOSPHERICS\components\binary_devices\passive_gate.dm:145:error: default_state: undefined var
code\ATMOSPHERICS\components\binary_devices\pump.dm:200:error: default_state: undefined var
code\ATMOSPHERICS\components\omni_devices\omni_base.dm:34:error: cardinal: undefined var
code\ATMOSPHERICS\components\trinary_devices\filter.dm:211:error: default_state: undefined var
code\ATMOSPHERICS\components\trinary_devices\mixer.dm:168:error: default_state: undefined var
code\game\machinery\Freezer.dm:121:error: default_state: undefined var
code\game\machinery\Freezer.dm:290:error: default_state: undefined var
code\game\machinery\cryo.dm:71:error: cardinal: undefined var
code\game\machinery\cryo.dm:217:error: default_state: undefined var
code\modules\hydroponics\hydroponics.dm:105:error: cardinal: undefined var
code\modules\hydroponics\hydroponics.dm:309:error: cardinal: undefined var
code\modules\hydroponics\hydroponics.dm:37:error: huds: undefined var
code\game\machinery\computer\camera_advanced.dm:78:error: cameranet.cameras: undefined var
code\modules\research\xenobiology\xenobio_camera.dm:360:error: cameranet.checkTurfVis: undefined var
code\modules\research\xenobiology\xenobio_camera.dm:371:error: cameranet.checkTurfVis: undefined var
code\modules\research\xenobiology\xenobio_camera.dm:386:error: cameranet.checkTurfVis: undefined var
code\modules\research\xenobiology\xenobio_camera.dm:408:error: cameranet.checkTurfVis: undefined var
code\modules\research\xenobiology\xenobio_camera.dm:423:error: cameranet.checkTurfVis: undefined var
code\modules\research\xenobiology\xenobio_camera.dm:441:error: cameranet.checkTurfVis: undefined var
code\game\machinery\cryopod.dm:43:error: potential_theft_objectives: undefined var
code\modules\atmos_automation\console.dm:57:error: automation_types: undefined var
code\modules\atmos_automation\console.dm:220:error: automation_types: undefined var
code\game\machinery\computer\camera.dm:116:error: default_state: undefined var
code\game\machinery\computer\camera.dm:212:error: default_state: undefined var
code\game\machinery\computer\camera.dm:134:error: default_state: undefined var
code\game\machinery\computer\camera.dm:138:error: cameranet.cameras: undefined var
code\game\machinery\computer\camera.dm:186:error: cameranet.cameras: undefined var
code\game\machinery\teleporter.dm:79:error: default_state: undefined var
code\game\machinery\computer\atmos_alert.dm:70:error: air_alarm_topic: undefined var
code\game\machinery\computer\brigcells.dm:33:error: default_state: undefined var
code\game\machinery\computer\card.dm:163:error: time_last_changed_position: undefined var
code\game\machinery\computer\card.dm:175:error: time_last_changed_position: undefined var
code\game\machinery\computer\card.dm:239:error: default_state: undefined var
code\game\machinery\computer\card.dm:245:error: data_core: undefined var
code\game\machinery\computer\card.dm:245:error: data_core.get_manifest: undefined var
code\game\machinery\computer\card.dm:263:error: engineering_positions: undefined var
code\game\machinery\computer\card.dm:264:error: medical_positions: undefined var
code\game\machinery\computer\card.dm:265:error: science_positions: undefined var
code\game\machinery\computer\card.dm:266:error: security_positions: undefined var
code\game\machinery\computer\card.dm:267:error: support_positions: undefined var
code\game\machinery\computer\card.dm:268:error: civilian_positions: undefined var
code\game\machinery\computer\card.dm:269:error: whitelisted_positions: undefined var
code\game\machinery\computer\card.dm:275:error: time_last_changed_position: undefined var
code\game\machinery\computer\card.dm:324:error: data_core.manifest_modify: undefined var
code\game\machinery\computer\card.dm:484:error: data_core: undefined var
code\game\machinery\computer\card.dm:484:error: data_core.get_manifest: undefined var
code\game\machinery\computer\card.dm:547:error: time_last_changed_position: undefined var
code\game\machinery\computer\card.dm:567:error: time_last_changed_position: undefined var
code\game\machinery\computer\cloning.dm:132:error: default_state: undefined var
code\game\machinery\computer\communications.dm:57:error: security_level: undefined var
code\game\machinery\computer\communications.dm:62:error: security_level: undefined var
code\game\machinery\computer\communications.dm:66:error: security_level: undefined var
code\game\machinery\computer\communications.dm:240:error: priority_announcement.Announce: undefined var
code\game\machinery\computer\communications.dm:302:error: atc.squelched: undefined var
code\game\machinery\computer\communications.dm:302:error: atc.squelched: undefined var
code\game\machinery\computer\communications.dm:303:error: atc.squelched: undefined var
code\game\machinery\computer\communications.dm:340:error: default_state: undefined var
code\game\machinery\computer\communications.dm:367:error: security_level: undefined var
code\game\machinery\computer\communications.dm:398:error: atc.squelched: undefined var
code\game\machinery\computer\medical.dm:55:error: default_state: undefined var
code\game\machinery\computer\medical.dm:64:error: data_core.general: undefined var
code\game\machinery\computer\medical.dm:67:error: data_core.general: undefined var
code\game\machinery\computer\medical.dm:72:error: data_core.general.Find: undefined var
code\game\machinery\computer\medical.dm:93:error: data_core.medical.Find: undefined var
code\game\machinery\computer\medical.dm:147:error: data_core.general.Find: undefined var
code\game\machinery\computer\medical.dm:149:error: data_core.medical.Find: undefined var
code\game\machinery\computer\medical.dm:160:error: data_core.medical: undefined var
code\game\machinery\computer\medical.dm:424:error: data_core.general.Find: undefined var
code\game\machinery\computer\medical.dm:427:error: data_core.medical: undefined var
code\game\machinery\computer\medical.dm:451:error: data_core.medical: undefined var
code\game\machinery\computer\medical.dm:462:error: current_date_string: undefined var
code\game\machinery\computer\medical.dm:476:error: data_core.medical: undefined var
code\game\machinery\computer\medical.dm:482:error: data_core.general: undefined var
code\game\machinery\computer\medical.dm:494:error: data_core.general.Find: undefined var
code\game\machinery\computer\medical.dm:503:error: data_core.medical.Find: undefined var
code\game\machinery\computer\medical.dm:535:error: data_core.medical: undefined var
code\game\machinery\computer\message.dm:78:error: message_servers: undefined var
code\game\machinery\computer\message.dm:78:error: message_servers.len: undefined var
code\game\machinery\computer\message.dm:79:error: message_servers: undefined var
code\game\machinery\computer\message.dm:291:error: message_servers: undefined var
code\game\machinery\computer\message.dm:291:error: message_servers.len: undefined var
code\game\machinery\computer\message.dm:292:error: message_servers: undefined var
code\game\machinery\computer\message.dm:294:error: message_servers: undefined var
code\game\machinery\computer\message.dm:294:error: message_servers.len: undefined var
code\game\machinery\computer\message.dm:295:error: message_servers: undefined var
code\game\machinery\computer\message.dm:399:error: PDAs: undefined var
code\game\machinery\computer\message.dm:405:error: PDAs: undefined var
code\game\machinery\computer\message.dm:405:error: PDAs.len: undefined var
code\game\machinery\computer\message.dm:439:error: PDAs: undefined var
code\game\machinery\computer\Operating.dm:64:error: default_state: undefined var
code\game\machinery\computer\pod_tracking_console.dm:23:error: default_state: undefined var
code\game\machinery\computer\power.dm:29:error: powermonitor_repository.update_cache: undefined var
code\game\machinery\computer\power.dm:34:error: powermonitor_repository.update_cache: undefined var
code\game\machinery\computer\power.dm:40:error: powermonitor_repository.update_cache: undefined var
code\game\machinery\computer\robot.dm:39:error: default_state: undefined var
code\game\machinery\computer\security.dm:57:error: default_state: undefined var
code\game\machinery\computer\security.dm:66:error: data_core.general: undefined var
code\game\machinery\computer\security.dm:67:error: data_core.general: undefined var
code\game\machinery\computer\security.dm:69:error: data_core.security: undefined var
code\game\machinery\computer\security.dm:93:error: data_core.general.Find: undefined var
code\game\machinery\computer\security.dm:115:error: data_core.security.Find: undefined var
code\game\machinery\computer\security.dm:136:error: data_core.general.Find: undefined var
code\game\machinery\computer\security.dm:138:error: data_core.security.Find: undefined var
code\game\machinery\computer\security.dm:148:error: data_core.security: undefined var
code\game\machinery\computer\security.dm:164:error: data_core.medical: undefined var
code\game\machinery\computer\security.dm:251:error: data_core.general.Find: undefined var
code\game\machinery\computer\security.dm:254:error: data_core.security: undefined var
code\game\machinery\computer\security.dm:299:error: data_core.security: undefined var
code\game\machinery\computer\security.dm:315:error: data_core.general: undefined var
code\game\machinery\computer\security.dm:326:error: data_core.general.Find: undefined var
code\game\machinery\computer\security.dm:335:error: data_core.security.Find: undefined var
code\game\machinery\computer\security.dm:387:error: current_date_string: undefined var
code\game\machinery\computer\security.dm:541:error: data_core.security: undefined var
code\game\machinery\computer\skills.dm:55:error: default_state: undefined var
code\game\machinery\computer\skills.dm:64:error: data_core.general: undefined var
code\game\machinery\computer\skills.dm:65:error: data_core.general: undefined var
code\game\machinery\computer\skills.dm:70:error: data_core.general.Find: undefined var
code\game\machinery\computer\skills.dm:96:error: data_core.general.Find: undefined var
code\game\machinery\computer\skills.dm:106:error: PDA_Manifest: undefined var
code\game\machinery\computer\skills.dm:106:error: PDA_Manifest.len: undefined var
code\game\machinery\computer\skills.dm:107:error: PDA_Manifest.Cut: undefined var
code\game\machinery\computer\skills.dm:108:error: data_core.security: undefined var
code\game\machinery\computer\skills.dm:113:error: PDA_Manifest: undefined var
code\game\machinery\computer\skills.dm:113:error: PDA_Manifest.len: undefined var
code\game\machinery\computer\skills.dm:114:error: PDA_Manifest.Cut: undefined var
code\game\machinery\computer\skills.dm:115:error: data_core.medical: undefined var
code\game\machinery\computer\skills.dm:122:error: PDA_Manifest: undefined var
code\game\machinery\computer\skills.dm:122:error: PDA_Manifest.len: undefined var
code\game\machinery\computer\skills.dm:123:error: PDA_Manifest.Cut: undefined var
code\game\machinery\computer\skills.dm:185:error: data_core.general.Find: undefined var
code\game\machinery\computer\skills.dm:205:error: PDA_Manifest.len: undefined var
code\game\machinery\computer\skills.dm:206:error: PDA_Manifest.Cut: undefined var
code\game\machinery\computer\skills.dm:218:error: data_core.general: undefined var
code\game\machinery\computer\skills.dm:228:error: data_core.general.Find: undefined var
code\game\machinery\computer\skills.dm:303:error: data_core.security: undefined var
code\game\machinery\computer\specops_shuttle.dm:280:error: specops_shuttle_moving_to_station: undefined var
code\game\machinery\computer\specops_shuttle.dm:280:error: specops_shuttle_moving_to_centcom: undefined var
code\game\machinery\computer\specops_shuttle.dm:280:error: specops_shuttle_timeleft: undefined var
code\game\machinery\computer\specops_shuttle.dm:280:error: specops_shuttle_at_station: undefined var
code\game\machinery\computer\specops_shuttle.dm:280:error: specops_shuttle_moving_to_station: undefined var
code\game\machinery\computer\specops_shuttle.dm:280:error: specops_shuttle_moving_to_centcom: undefined var
code\game\machinery\computer\specops_shuttle.dm:280:error: specops_shuttle_at_station: undefined var
code\game\machinery\computer\specops_shuttle.dm:294:error: specops_shuttle_at_station: undefined var
code\game\machinery\computer\specops_shuttle.dm:294:error: specops_shuttle_moving_to_station: undefined var
code\game\machinery\computer\specops_shuttle.dm:294:error: specops_shuttle_moving_to_centcom: undefined var
code\game\machinery\computer\specops_shuttle.dm:309:error: specops_shuttle_moving_to_centcom: undefined var
code\game\machinery\computer\specops_shuttle.dm:310:error: specops_shuttle_time: undefined var
code\game\machinery\computer\specops_shuttle.dm:315:error: specops_shuttle_at_station: undefined var
code\game\machinery\computer\specops_shuttle.dm:315:error: specops_shuttle_moving_to_station: undefined var
code\game\machinery\computer\specops_shuttle.dm:315:error: specops_shuttle_moving_to_centcom: undefined var
code\game\machinery\computer\specops_shuttle.dm:329:error: specops_shuttle_moving_to_station: undefined var
code\game\machinery\computer\specops_shuttle.dm:331:error: specops_shuttle_time: undefined var
code\game\machinery\computer\store.dm:105:error: centcomm_store.items: undefined var
code\game\machinery\computer\store.dm:109:error: centcomm_store.items.Find: undefined var
code\game\machinery\computer\store.dm:146:error: centcomm_store.items: undefined var
code\game\machinery\computer\store.dm:154:error: centcomm_store.PlaceOrder: undefined var
code\game\machinery\computer\syndicate_specops_shuttle.dm:210:error: syndicate_elite_shuttle_moving_to_station: undefined var
code\game\machinery\computer\syndicate_specops_shuttle.dm:210:error: syndicate_elite_shuttle_moving_to_mothership: undefined var
code\game\machinery\computer\syndicate_specops_shuttle.dm:210:error: syndicate_elite_shuttle_timeleft: undefined var
code\game\machinery\computer\syndicate_specops_shuttle.dm:210:error: syndicate_elite_shuttle_at_station: undefined var
code\game\machinery\computer\syndicate_specops_shuttle.dm:210:error: syndicate_elite_shuttle_moving_to_station: undefined var
code\game\machinery\computer\syndicate_specops_shuttle.dm:210:error: syndicate_elite_shuttle_moving_to_mothership: undefined var
code\game\machinery\computer\syndicate_specops_shuttle.dm:210:error: syndicate_elite_shuttle_at_station: undefined var
code\game\machinery\computer\syndicate_specops_shuttle.dm:224:error: syndicate_elite_shuttle_at_station: undefined var
code\game\machinery\computer\syndicate_specops_shuttle.dm:224:error: syndicate_elite_shuttle_moving_to_station: undefined var
code\game\machinery\computer\syndicate_specops_shuttle.dm:224:error: syndicate_elite_shuttle_moving_to_mothership: undefined var
code\game\machinery\computer\syndicate_specops_shuttle.dm:230:error: syndicate_elite_shuttle_at_station: undefined var
code\game\machinery\computer\syndicate_specops_shuttle.dm:230:error: syndicate_elite_shuttle_moving_to_station: undefined var
code\game\machinery\computer\syndicate_specops_shuttle.dm:230:error: syndicate_elite_shuttle_moving_to_mothership: undefined var
code\game\machinery\computer\syndicate_specops_shuttle.dm:244:error: syndicate_elite_shuttle_moving_to_station: undefined var
code\game\machinery\computer\syndicate_specops_shuttle.dm:246:error: syndicate_elite_shuttle_time: undefined var
code\game\mecha\mech_bay.dm:137:error: cardinal: undefined var
code\game\mecha\mech_bay.dm:174:error: default_state: undefined var
code\game\mecha\mecha_control_console.dm:26:error: default_state: undefined var
code\modules\economy\Accounts.dm:141:error: all_money_accounts: undefined var
code\modules\economy\Accounts.dm:157:error: all_money_accounts: undefined var
code\modules\economy\Accounts_DB.dm:20:error: station_account: undefined var
code\modules\economy\Accounts_DB.dm:23:error: department_accounts.len: undefined var
code\modules\economy\Accounts_DB.dm:24:error: station_departments: undefined var
code\modules\economy\Accounts_DB.dm:26:error: vendor_account: undefined var
code\modules\economy\Accounts_DB.dm:28:error: vendor_account: undefined var
code\modules\economy\Accounts_DB.dm:28:error: department_accounts: undefined var
code\modules\economy\Accounts_DB.dm:30:error: current_date_string: undefined var
code\modules\economy\Accounts_DB.dm:31:error: current_date_string: undefined var
code\modules\economy\Accounts_DB.dm:31:error: game_year: undefined var
code\modules\economy\Accounts_DB.dm:33:error: num_financial_terminals: undefined var
code\modules\economy\Accounts_DB.dm:77:error: default_state: undefined var
code\modules\economy\Accounts_DB.dm:87:error: station_account.account_number: undefined var
code\modules\economy\Accounts_DB.dm:111:error: all_money_accounts.len: undefined var
code\modules\economy\Accounts_DB.dm:112:error: all_money_accounts: undefined var
code\modules\economy\Accounts_DB.dm:162:error: station_account.money: undefined var
code\modules\economy\Accounts_DB.dm:162:error: station_account.money: undefined var
code\modules\economy\Accounts_DB.dm:167:error: station_account.charge: undefined var
code\modules\economy\Accounts_DB.dm:177:error: all_money_accounts.len: undefined var
code\modules\economy\Accounts_DB.dm:178:error: all_money_accounts: undefined var
code\modules\economy\Accounts_DB.dm:243:error: all_money_accounts.len: undefined var
code\modules\economy\Accounts_DB.dm:244:error: all_money_accounts: undefined var
code\modules\library\computers\base.dm:50:error: dbcon.NewQuery: undefined var
code\modules\library\computers\base.dm:72:error: dbcon.NewQuery: undefined var
code\modules\library\computers\base.dm:93:error: library_catalog.getBookByID: undefined var
code\modules\library\computers\checkout.dm:94:error: dbcon.IsConnected: undefined var
code\modules\library\computers\checkout.dm:240:error: library_section_names: undefined var
code\modules\library\computers\checkout.dm:264:error: dbcon.NewQuery: undefined var
code\modules\library\computers\checkout.dm:280:error: dbcon.NewQuery: undefined var
code\modules\library\computers\checkout.dm:295:error: dbcon.IsConnected: undefined var
code\modules\library\computers\checkout.dm:303:error: library_catalog.flag_book_by_id: undefined var
code\modules\library\computers\checkout.dm:381:error: dbcon.IsConnected: undefined var
code\modules\library\computers\checkout.dm:388:error: dbcon.NewQuery: undefined var
code\modules\library\computers\checkout.dm:402:error: dbcon.IsConnected: undefined var
code\modules\library\computers\checkout.dm:425:error: dbcon.IsConnected: undefined var
code\modules\library\computers\public.dm:30:error: dbcon.IsConnected: undefined var
code\modules\library\computers\public.dm:87:error: library_section_names: undefined var
code\modules\library\computers\public.dm:116:error: dbcon.IsConnected: undefined var
code\modules\library\computers\public.dm:124:error: library_catalog.flag_book_by_id: undefined var
code\modules\shuttle\shuttle.dm:777:error: default_state: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\chemistry\machinery\pandemic.dm:183:error: archive_diseases: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\chemistry\machinery\pandemic.dm:87:error: archive_diseases: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\chemistry\machinery\pandemic.dm:88:error: archive_diseases: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\chemistry\machinery\pandemic.dm:112:error: archive_diseases: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\chemistry\machinery\pandemic.dm:116:error: diseases: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\chemistry\machinery\pandemic.dm:157:error: archive_diseases: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\chemistry\machinery\pandemic.dm:158:error: archive_diseases: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\chemistry\machinery\pandemic.dm:165:error: archive_diseases: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\chemistry\machinery\pandemic.dm:263:error: archive_diseases: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\chemistry\machinery\pandemic.dm:303:error: archive_diseases: undefined var
code\modules\research\rdconsole.dm:648:error: default_state: undefined var
code\modules\shuttle\emergency.dm:52:error: minor_announcement.Announce: undefined var
code\modules\shuttle\emergency.dm:56:error: minor_announcement.Announce: undefined var
code\modules\shuttle\emergency.dm:61:error: minor_announcement.Announce: undefined var
code\modules\shuttle\emergency.dm:65:error: minor_announcement.Announce: undefined var
code\modules\shuttle\emergency.dm:73:error: minor_announcement.Announce: undefined var
code\modules\shuttle\supply.dm:562:error: default_state: undefined var
code\modules\shuttle\supply.dm:567:error: all_supply_groups: undefined var
code\modules\shuttle\supply.dm:416:error: default_state: undefined var
code\modules\shuttle\supply.dm:421:error: all_supply_groups: undefined var
code\modules\station_goals\bsa.dm:316:error: default_state: undefined var
code\modules\station_goals\bsa.dm:355:error: GPS_list: undefined var
code\modules\station_goals\bsa.dm:360:error: ghostteleportlocs: undefined var
code\modules\station_goals\bsa.dm:360:error: teleportlocs: undefined var
code\modules\station_goals\shield.dm:74:error: default_state: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\malfunction\Malf_Modules.dm:259:error: priority_announcement.Announce: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\malfunction\Malf_Modules.dm:274:error: minor_announcement.Announce: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\malfunction\Malf_Modules.dm:279:error: priority_announcement.Announce: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\malfunction\Malf_Modules.dm:292:error: minor_announcement.Announce: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\miniantags\abduction\machinery\experiment.dm:179:error: latejoin: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\miniantags\abduction\machinery\pad.dm:15:error: teleportlocs: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\miniantags\abduction\machinery\pad.dm:15:error: teleportlocs: undefined var
code\modules\power\gravitygenerator.dm:391:error: gravity_generators: undefined var
code\modules\power\gravitygenerator.dm:392:error: gravity_generators: undefined var
code\modules\power\gravitygenerator.dm:398:error: gravity_generators: undefined var
code\modules\power\gravitygenerator.dm:399:error: gravity_generators: undefined var
code\modules\power\gravitygenerator.dm:401:error: gravity_generators: undefined var
code\modules\power\gravitygenerator.dm:403:error: gravity_generators: undefined var
code\game\machinery\vending.dm:455:error: vendor_account: undefined var
code\game\machinery\vending.dm:456:error: vendor_account.owner_name: undefined var
code\game\machinery\vending.dm:472:error: vendor_account.money: undefined var
code\game\machinery\vending.dm:473:error: vendor_account.credit: undefined var
code\game\machinery\vending.dm:225:error: vendor_account: undefined var
code\game\machinery\vending.dm:225:error: vendor_account.suspended: undefined var
code\game\machinery\vending.dm:506:error: default_state: undefined var
code\game\machinery\vending.dm:576:error: vendor_account: undefined var
code\game\machinery\vending.dm:576:error: vendor_account.suspended: undefined var
code\game\machinery\vending.dm:624:error: vendor_account: undefined var
code\game\machinery\vending.dm:624:error: vendor_account.suspended: undefined var
code\game\machinery\vending.dm:773:error: alldirs: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\chemistry\machinery\chem_dispenser.dm:158:error: default_state: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\nuclear\nuclearbomb.dm:51:error: bomb_set: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\nuclear\nuclearbomb.dm:198:error: physical_state: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\nuclear\nuclearbomb.dm:372:error: enter_allowed: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\nuclear\nuclearbomb.dm:313:error: bomb_set: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\nuclear\nuclearbomb.dm:315:error: bomb_set: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\nuclear\nuclearbomb.dm:319:error: bomb_set: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\nuclear\nuclearbomb.dm:328:error: bomb_set: undefined var
code\game\machinery\atmoalter\canister.dm:99:error: canister_icon_container.possiblemaincolor: undefined var
code\game\machinery\atmoalter\canister.dm:103:error: canister_icon_container.possibleseccolor: undefined var
code\game\machinery\atmoalter\canister.dm:107:error: canister_icon_container.possibletertcolor: undefined var
code\game\machinery\atmoalter\canister.dm:111:error: canister_icon_container.possiblequartcolor: undefined var
code\game\machinery\atmoalter\canister.dm:129:error: canister_icon_container.possibledecals: undefined var
code\game\machinery\atmoalter\canister.dm:222:error: canister_icon_container.possiblemaincolor: undefined var
code\game\machinery\atmoalter\canister.dm:226:error: canister_icon_container.possibleseccolor: undefined var
code\game\machinery\atmoalter\canister.dm:230:error: canister_icon_container.possibletertcolor: undefined var
code\game\machinery\atmoalter\canister.dm:234:error: canister_icon_container.possiblequartcolor: undefined var
code\game\machinery\atmoalter\canister.dm:240:error: canister_icon_container.possibledecals: undefined var
code\game\machinery\atmoalter\canister.dm:356:error: physical_state: undefined var
code\game\machinery\atmoalter\pump.dm:118:error: physical_state: undefined var
code\game\machinery\atmoalter\pump.dm:130:error: physical_state: undefined var
code\game\machinery\atmoalter\scrubber.dm:119:error: physical_state: undefined var
code\game\machinery\atmoalter\scrubber.dm:131:error: physical_state: undefined var
code\game\machinery\telecomms\broadcaster.dm:40:error: recentmessages: undefined var
code\game\machinery\telecomms\broadcaster.dm:42:error: recentmessages.Add: undefined var
code\game\machinery\telecomms\broadcaster.dm:88:error: message_delay: undefined var
code\game\machinery\telecomms\broadcaster.dm:89:error: message_delay: undefined var
code\game\machinery\telecomms\broadcaster.dm:91:error: message_delay: undefined var
code\game\machinery\telecomms\broadcaster.dm:92:error: recentmessages: undefined var
code\game\machinery\telecomms\broadcaster.dm:99:error: message_delay: undefined var
code\game\machinery\telecomms\broadcaster.dm:100:error: message_delay: undefined var
code\game\machinery\telecomms\telecomunications.dm:109:error: telecomms_list: undefined var
code\game\machinery\telecomms\telecomunications.dm:127:error: telecomms_list: undefined var
code\game\machinery\telecomms\telecomunications.dm:132:error: telecomms_list: undefined var
code\game\machinery\telecomms\telecomunications.dm:133:error: telecomms_list: undefined var
code\modules\research\message_server.dm:63:error: message_servers: undefined var
code\modules\research\message_server.dm:70:error: message_servers: undefined var
code\modules\research\message_server.dm:94:error: allConsoles: undefined var
code\modules\research\message_server.dm:225:error: blackbox: undefined var
code\modules\research\message_server.dm:226:error: blackbox: undefined var
code\modules\research\message_server.dm:228:error: blackbox: undefined var
code\modules\research\message_server.dm:233:error: blackbox: undefined var
code\modules\research\message_server.dm:250:error: blackbox: undefined var
code\modules\research\message_server.dm:251:error: blackbox: undefined var
code\modules\research\message_server.dm:304:error: dbcon.IsConnected: undefined var
code\modules\research\message_server.dm:307:error: dbcon.NewQuery: undefined var
code\modules\research\message_server.dm:318:error: dbcon.NewQuery: undefined var
code\game\machinery\cryopod.dm:419:error: PDA_Manifest.len: undefined var
code\game\machinery\cryopod.dm:420:error: PDA_Manifest.Cut: undefined var
code\game\machinery\cryopod.dm:421:error: data_core.medical: undefined var
code\game\machinery\cryopod.dm:424:error: data_core.security: undefined var
code\game\machinery\cryopod.dm:427:error: data_core.general: undefined var
code\game\machinery\portable_tag_turret.dm:52:error: default_state: undefined var
code\game\machinery\portable_turret.dm:166:error: turret_icons: undefined var
code\game\machinery\portable_turret.dm:167:error: turret_icons: undefined var
code\game\machinery\portable_turret.dm:168:error: turret_icons: undefined var
code\game\machinery\portable_turret.dm:171:error: turret_icons: undefined var
code\game\machinery\portable_turret.dm:221:error: default_state: undefined var
code\game\machinery\alarm.dm:244:error: air_alarm_repository.update_cache: undefined var
code\game\machinery\alarm.dm:230:error: air_alarm_repository.update_cache: undefined var
code\game\machinery\alarm.dm:661:error: default_state: undefined var
code\game\machinery\alarm.dm:777:error: default_state: undefined var
code\game\machinery\autolathe.dm:89:error: default_state: undefined var
code\game\machinery\dance_machine.dm:179:error: dview_mob.loc: undefined var
code\game\machinery\dance_machine.dm:179:error: dview_mob.see_invisible: undefined var
code\game\machinery\dance_machine.dm:179:error: dview_mob: undefined var
code\game\machinery\dance_machine.dm:237:error: dview_mob.loc: undefined var
code\game\machinery\dance_machine.dm:403:error: cardinal: undefined var
code\game\machinery\defib_mount.dm:48:error: security_level: undefined var
code\game\machinery\defib_mount.dm:103:error: security_level: undefined var
code\game\machinery\doppler_array.dm:31:error: doppler_arrays: undefined var
code\game\machinery\doppler_array.dm:36:error: doppler_arrays: undefined var
code\game\machinery\doppler_array.dm:186:error: default_state: undefined var
code\game\machinery\firealarm.dm:239:error: default_state: undefined var
code\game\machinery\firealarm.dm:246:error: default_state: undefined var
code\game\machinery\firealarm.dm:321:error: security_level: undefined var
code\game\machinery\hologram.dm:64:error: holopads: undefined var
code\game\machinery\hologram.dm:80:error: holopads: undefined var
code\game\machinery\hologram.dm:300:error: holopads: undefined var
code\game\machinery\hologram.dm:195:error: ai_list: undefined var
code\game\machinery\hologram.dm:213:error: holopads: undefined var
code\game\machinery\machinery.dm:293:error: default_state: undefined var
code\game\machinery\newscaster.dm:131:error: allCasters: undefined var
code\game\machinery\newscaster.dm:132:error: allCasters.len: undefined var
code\game\machinery\newscaster.dm:137:error: allCasters: undefined var
code\game\machinery\newscaster.dm:147:error: news_network.wanted_issue: undefined var
code\game\machinery\newscaster.dm:197:error: news_network.wanted_issue: undefined var
code\game\machinery\newscaster.dm:205:error: news_network.network_channels: undefined var
code\game\machinery\newscaster.dm:218:error: news_network.network_channels: undefined var
code\game\machinery\newscaster.dm:221:error: news_network.network_channels: undefined var
code\game\machinery\newscaster.dm:257:error: news_network.wanted_issue: undefined var
code\game\machinery\newscaster.dm:266:error: news_network.wanted_issue.backup_author: undefined var
code\game\machinery\newscaster.dm:270:error: news_network.wanted_issue.backup_author: undefined var
code\game\machinery\newscaster.dm:271:error: news_network.wanted_issue.author: undefined var
code\game\machinery\newscaster.dm:272:error: news_network.wanted_issue.body: undefined var
code\game\machinery\newscaster.dm:273:error: news_network.wanted_issue.img: undefined var
code\game\machinery\newscaster.dm:274:error: news_network.wanted_issue.img: undefined var
code\game\machinery\newscaster.dm:275:error: news_network.wanted_issue.img: undefined var
code\game\machinery\newscaster.dm:275:error: news_network.wanted_issue.img: undefined var
code\game\machinery\newscaster.dm:298:error: news_network.network_channels: undefined var
code\game\machinery\newscaster.dm:304:error: news_network.network_channels: undefined var
code\game\machinery\newscaster.dm:328:error: news_network.network_channels: undefined var
code\game\machinery\newscaster.dm:334:error: news_network.network_channels: undefined var
code\game\machinery\newscaster.dm:369:error: news_network.network_channels: undefined var
code\game\machinery\newscaster.dm:376:error: allCasters: undefined var
code\game\machinery\newscaster.dm:408:error: news_network.wanted_issue: undefined var
code\game\machinery\newscaster.dm:412:error: news_network.wanted_issue.author: undefined var
code\game\machinery\newscaster.dm:413:error: news_network.wanted_issue.body: undefined var
code\game\machinery\newscaster.dm:444:error: news_network.wanted_issue: undefined var
code\game\machinery\newscaster.dm:445:error: allCasters: undefined var
code\game\machinery\newscaster.dm:451:error: news_network.wanted_issue.is_admin_message: undefined var
code\game\machinery\newscaster.dm:454:error: news_network.wanted_issue.author: undefined var
code\game\machinery\newscaster.dm:455:error: news_network.wanted_issue.body: undefined var
code\game\machinery\newscaster.dm:456:error: news_network.wanted_issue.backup_author: undefined var
code\game\machinery\newscaster.dm:458:error: news_network.wanted_issue.img: undefined var
code\game\machinery\newscaster.dm:463:error: news_network.wanted_issue.is_admin_message: undefined var
code\game\machinery\newscaster.dm:468:error: news_network.wanted_issue: undefined var
code\game\machinery\newscaster.dm:469:error: allCasters: undefined var
code\game\machinery\newscaster.dm:829:error: news_network.network_channels: undefined var
code\game\machinery\newscaster.dm:831:error: news_network.wanted_issue: undefined var
code\game\machinery\newscaster.dm:832:error: news_network.wanted_issue: undefined var
code\game\machinery\poolcontroller.dm:160:error: default_state: undefined var
code\game\machinery\requests_console.dm:96:error: allConsoles: undefined var
code\game\machinery\requests_console.dm:98:error: req_console_assistance: undefined var
code\game\machinery\requests_console.dm:100:error: req_console_supplies: undefined var
code\game\machinery\requests_console.dm:102:error: req_console_information: undefined var
code\game\machinery\requests_console.dm:107:error: allConsoles: undefined var
code\game\machinery\requests_console.dm:109:error: allConsoles: undefined var
code\game\machinery\requests_console.dm:115:error: req_console_assistance: undefined var
code\game\machinery\requests_console.dm:117:error: req_console_supplies: undefined var
code\game\machinery\requests_console.dm:119:error: req_console_information: undefined var
code\game\machinery\requests_console.dm:141:error: default_state: undefined var
code\game\machinery\requests_console.dm:151:error: req_console_assistance: undefined var
code\game\machinery\requests_console.dm:152:error: req_console_supplies: undefined var
code\game\machinery\requests_console.dm:153:error: req_console_information: undefined var
code\game\machinery\requests_console.dm:236:error: allConsoles: undefined var
code\game\machinery\slotmachine.dm:30:error: default_state: undefined var
code\game\machinery\slotmachine.dm:60:error: event_announcement.Announce: undefined var
code\game\machinery\slotmachine.dm:66:error: event_announcement.Announce: undefined var
code\game\machinery\doors\brigdoors.dm:74:error: data_core.general: undefined var
code\game\machinery\doors\brigdoors.dm:102:error: current_date_string: undefined var
code\game\machinery\doors\brigdoors.dm:121:error: PDAs: undefined var
code\game\machinery\embedded_controller\airlock_controllers.dm:30:error: default_state: undefined var
code\game\machinery\embedded_controller\airlock_controllers.dm:101:error: default_state: undefined var
code\game\machinery\embedded_controller\airlock_controllers.dm:163:error: default_state: undefined var
code\modules\arcade\claw_game.dm:33:error: claw_game_html: undefined var
code\modules\arcade\claw_game.dm:34:error: claw_game_html: undefined var
code\modules\arcade\claw_game.dm:68:error: claw_game_html: undefined var
code\modules\arcade\prize_counter.dm:143:error: global_prizes.prizes: undefined var
code\modules\arcade\prize_counter.dm:147:error: global_prizes.prizes.Find: undefined var
code\modules\arcade\prize_counter.dm:188:error: global_prizes.prizes: undefined var
code\modules\arcade\prize_counter.dm:193:error: global_prizes.PlaceOrder: undefined var
code\modules\economy\ATM.dm:39:error: num_financial_terminals: undefined var
code\modules\economy\ATM.dm:130:error: default_state: undefined var
code\modules\economy\ATM.dm:206:error: current_date_string: undefined var
code\modules\economy\ATM.dm:226:error: current_date_string: undefined var
code\modules\economy\ATM.dm:261:error: current_date_string: undefined var
code\modules\economy\POS.dm:145:error: current_pos_id: undefined var
code\modules\economy\POS.dm:147:error: department_accounts: undefined var
code\modules\economy\POS.dm:149:error: station_account: undefined var
code\modules\economy\POS.dm:183:error: current_date_string: undefined var
code\modules\economy\POS.dm:377:error: current_date_string: undefined var
code\modules\food_and_drinks\kitchen_machinery\icecream_vat_2.dm:133:error: ingredients_source: undefined var
code\modules\food_and_drinks\kitchen_machinery\icecream_vat_2.dm:134:error: ingredients_source: undefined var
code\modules\food_and_drinks\kitchen_machinery\smartfridge.dm:365:error: default_state: undefined var
code\modules\mining\machine_redemption.dm:162:error: allConsoles: undefined var
code\modules\mining\laborcamp\laborstacker.dm:61:error: default_state: undefined var
code\modules\modular_computers\laptop_vendor.dm:286:error: vendor_account: undefined var
code\modules\modular_computers\computers\machinery\modular_computer.dm:37:error: global_modular_computers.Add: undefined var
code\modules\modular_computers\NTNet\NTNet_relay.dm:54:error: ntnet_global.add_log: undefined var
code\modules\modular_computers\NTNet\NTNet_relay.dm:59:error: ntnet_global.add_log: undefined var
code\modules\modular_computers\NTNet\NTNet_relay.dm:85:error: ntnet_global.add_log: undefined var
code\modules\modular_computers\NTNet\NTNet_relay.dm:88:error: ntnet_global.add_log: undefined var
code\modules\modular_computers\NTNet\NTNet_relay.dm:104:error: ntnet_global: undefined var
code\modules\modular_computers\NTNet\NTNet_relay.dm:105:error: ntnet_global.relays.Add: undefined var
code\modules\modular_computers\NTNet\NTNet_relay.dm:106:error: ntnet_global: undefined var
code\modules\modular_computers\NTNet\NTNet_relay.dm:107:error: ntnet_global.add_log: undefined var
code\modules\modular_computers\NTNet\NTNet_relay.dm:111:error: ntnet_global: undefined var
code\modules\modular_computers\NTNet\NTNet_relay.dm:112:error: ntnet_global.relays.Remove: undefined var
code\modules\modular_computers\NTNet\NTNet_relay.dm:113:error: ntnet_global.add_log: undefined var
code\modules\paperwork\faxmachine.dm:36:error: allfaxes: undefined var
code\modules\paperwork\faxmachine.dm:41:error: alldepartments: undefined var
code\modules\paperwork\faxmachine.dm:41:error: hidden_departments: undefined var
code\modules\paperwork\faxmachine.dm:41:error: admin_departments: undefined var
code\modules\paperwork\faxmachine.dm:41:error: hidden_admin_departments: undefined var
code\modules\paperwork\faxmachine.dm:42:error: alldepartments: undefined var
code\modules\paperwork\faxmachine.dm:255:error: allfaxes: undefined var
code\modules\paperwork\faxmachine.dm:327:error: allfaxes: undefined var
code\modules\paperwork\faxmachine.dm:58:error: hidden_departments: undefined var
code\modules\paperwork\faxmachine.dm:89:error: default_state: undefined var
code\modules\paperwork\faxmachine.dm:112:error: admin_departments: undefined var
code\modules\paperwork\faxmachine.dm:112:error: hidden_admin_departments: undefined var
code\modules\paperwork\faxmachine.dm:133:error: admin_departments: undefined var
code\modules\paperwork\faxmachine.dm:133:error: hidden_admin_departments: undefined var
code\modules\paperwork\faxmachine.dm:166:error: alldepartments.Copy: undefined var
code\modules\paperwork\faxmachine.dm:168:error: admin_departments.Copy: undefined var
code\modules\paperwork\faxmachine.dm:171:error: hidden_admin_departments.Copy: undefined var
code\modules\paperwork\faxmachine.dm:172:error: hidden_departments.Copy: undefined var
code\modules\paperwork\faxmachine.dm:175:error: hidden_admin_departments.Copy: undefined var
code\modules\paperwork\faxmachine.dm:176:error: hidden_departments.Copy: undefined var
code\modules\paperwork\faxmachine.dm:177:error: allfaxes: undefined var
code\modules\paperwork\faxmachine.dm:187:error: fax_blacklist: undefined var
code\modules\paperwork\photocopier.dm:67:error: copier_items_printed: undefined var
code\modules\paperwork\photocopier.dm:67:error: copier_max_items: undefined var
code\modules\paperwork\photocopier.dm:72:error: copier_items_printed_logged: undefined var
code\modules\paperwork\photocopier.dm:73:error: copier_max_items: undefined var
code\modules\paperwork\photocopier.dm:74:error: copier_items_printed_logged: undefined var
code\modules\paperwork\photocopier.dm:101:error: copier_items_printed: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\chemistry\machinery\chem_heater.dm:143:error: default_state: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\chemistry\machinery\chem_master.dm:448:error: default_state: undefined var
code\modules\recycling\disposal.dm:272:error: default_state: undefined var
code\modules\security_levels\keycard authentication.dm:81:error: default_state: undefined var
code\modules\security_levels\keycard authentication.dm:171:error: command_announcer.autosay: undefined var
code\modules\security_levels\keycard authentication.dm:179:error: ert_request_answered: undefined var
code\modules\security_levels\keycard authentication.dm:184:error: ert_request_answered: undefined var
code\modules\shuttle\shuttle_manipulator.dm:67:error: admin_state: undefined var
code\modules\shuttle\shuttle_manipulator.dm:83:error: shuttle_templates: undefined var
code\modules\shuttle\shuttle_manipulator.dm:84:error: shuttle_templates: undefined var
code\modules\shuttle\shuttle_manipulator.dm:141:error: shuttle_templates: undefined var
code\modules\station_goals\dna_vault.dm:223:error: default_state: undefined var
code\game\objects\obj_defense.dm:221:error: fire_overlay: undefined var
code\game\objects\structures\window.dm:16:error: wcBar: undefined var
code\game\objects\structures\window.dm:18:error: wcBrig: undefined var
code\game\objects\structures\window.dm:20:error: wcCommon: undefined var
code\game\atoms.dm:652:error: blood_splatter_icons: undefined var
code\game\atoms.dm:658:error: blood_splatter_icons: undefined var
code\game\machinery\pipe\construction.dm:308:error: cardinal: undefined var
code\game\machinery\pipe\construction.dm:219:error: cardinal: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\weapons\weaponry.dm:208:error: alldirs: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\weapons\weaponry.dm:217:error: cardinal: undefined var
code\modules\clothing\spacesuits\ert.dm:25:error: cameranet.removeCamera: undefined var
code\modules\clothing\glasses\hud.dm:14:error: huds: undefined var
code\modules\clothing\glasses\hud.dm:20:error: huds: undefined var
code\modules\clothing\under\jobs\civilian.dm:81:error: score_clownabuse: undefined var
code\modules\surgery\organs\augments_eyes.dm:91:error: huds: undefined var
code\modules\surgery\organs\augments_eyes.dm:98:error: huds: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\miniantags\abduction\gland.dm:72:error: huds: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\miniantags\abduction\gland.dm:81:error: huds: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\miniantags\abduction\gland.dm:280:error: SHOCKIMMUNITYBLOCK: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\miniantags\abduction\gland.dm:281:error: SHOCKIMMUNITYBLOCK: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\miniantags\abduction\gland.dm:286:error: SHOCKIMMUNITYBLOCK: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\miniantags\abduction\gland.dm:287:error: SHOCKIMMUNITYBLOCK: undefined var
code\modules\surgery\organs\eyes.dm:49:error: COLOURBLINDBLOCK: undefined var
code\modules\surgery\organs\eyes.dm:50:error: COLOURBLINDBLOCK: undefined var
code\modules\surgery\organs\eyes.dm:58:error: COLOURBLINDBLOCK: undefined var
code\modules\surgery\organs\eyes.dm:59:error: COLOURBLINDBLOCK: undefined var
code\modules\surgery\organs\organ_internal.dm:234:error: COMICBLOCK: undefined var
code\modules\surgery\organs\organ_internal.dm:235:error: CLUMSYBLOCK: undefined var
code\modules\surgery\organs\organ_internal.dm:236:error: COMICBLOCK: undefined var
code\modules\surgery\organs\organ_internal.dm:237:error: CLUMSYBLOCK: undefined var
code\modules\surgery\organs\organ_internal.dm:238:error: COMICBLOCK: undefined var
code\modules\surgery\organs\organ_internal.dm:247:error: COMICBLOCK: undefined var
code\modules\surgery\organs\organ_internal.dm:248:error: CLUMSYBLOCK: undefined var
code\modules\surgery\organs\organ_internal.dm:249:error: COMICBLOCK: undefined var
code\modules\surgery\organs\organ_internal.dm:250:error: CLUMSYBLOCK: undefined var
code\modules\surgery\organs\organ_internal.dm:251:error: COMICBLOCK: undefined var
code\modules\surgery\organs\vocal_cords.dm:175:error: command_positions: undefined var
code\modules\surgery\organs\vocal_cords.dm:213:error: stun_words: undefined var
code\modules\surgery\organs\vocal_cords.dm:220:error: weaken_words: undefined var
code\modules\surgery\organs\vocal_cords.dm:227:error: sleep_words: undefined var
code\modules\surgery\organs\vocal_cords.dm:234:error: vomit_words: undefined var
code\modules\surgery\organs\vocal_cords.dm:240:error: silence_words: undefined var
code\modules\surgery\organs\vocal_cords.dm:248:error: hallucinate_words: undefined var
code\modules\surgery\organs\vocal_cords.dm:255:error: wakeup_words: undefined var
code\modules\surgery\organs\vocal_cords.dm:262:error: heal_words: undefined var
code\modules\surgery\organs\vocal_cords.dm:269:error: hurt_words: undefined var
code\modules\surgery\organs\vocal_cords.dm:276:error: bleed_words: undefined var
code\modules\surgery\organs\vocal_cords.dm:282:error: burn_words: undefined var
code\modules\surgery\organs\vocal_cords.dm:290:error: repulse_words: undefined var
code\modules\surgery\organs\vocal_cords.dm:298:error: whoareyou_words: undefined var
code\modules\surgery\organs\vocal_cords.dm:308:error: saymyname_words: undefined var
code\modules\surgery\organs\vocal_cords.dm:315:error: knockknock_words: undefined var
code\modules\surgery\organs\vocal_cords.dm:322:error: statelaws_words: undefined var
code\modules\surgery\organs\vocal_cords.dm:328:error: move_words: undefined var
code\modules\surgery\organs\vocal_cords.dm:331:error: cardinal: undefined var
code\modules\surgery\organs\vocal_cords.dm:335:error: walk_words: undefined var
code\modules\surgery\organs\vocal_cords.dm:345:error: run_words: undefined var
code\modules\surgery\organs\vocal_cords.dm:355:error: helpintent_words: undefined var
code\modules\surgery\organs\vocal_cords.dm:361:error: disarmintent_words: undefined var
code\modules\surgery\organs\vocal_cords.dm:367:error: grabintent_words: undefined var
code\modules\surgery\organs\vocal_cords.dm:373:error: harmintent_words: undefined var
code\modules\surgery\organs\vocal_cords.dm:379:error: throwmode_words: undefined var
code\modules\surgery\organs\vocal_cords.dm:385:error: flip_words: undefined var
code\modules\surgery\organs\vocal_cords.dm:392:error: rest_words: undefined var
code\modules\surgery\organs\vocal_cords.dm:400:error: getup_words: undefined var
code\modules\surgery\organs\vocal_cords.dm:411:error: sit_words: undefined var
code\modules\surgery\organs\vocal_cords.dm:420:error: stand_words: undefined var
code\modules\surgery\organs\vocal_cords.dm:428:error: dance_words: undefined var
code\modules\surgery\organs\vocal_cords.dm:435:error: jump_words: undefined var
code\modules\surgery\organs\vocal_cords.dm:443:error: salute_words: undefined var
code\modules\surgery\organs\vocal_cords.dm:450:error: deathgasp_words: undefined var
code\modules\surgery\organs\vocal_cords.dm:457:error: clap_words: undefined var
code\modules\surgery\organs\vocal_cords.dm:464:error: honk_words: undefined var
code\modules\surgery\organs\vocal_cords.dm:475:error: multispin_words: undefined var
code\modules\surgery\organs\organ_external.dm:518:error: alldirs: undefined var
code\modules\surgery\organs\organ_external.dm:666:error: all_robolimbs: undefined var
code\modules\projectiles\ammunition.dm:28:error: alldirs: undefined var
code\modules\projectiles\projectile\magic.dm:286:error: protected_objects: undefined var
code\modules\food_and_drinks\drinks\drinks\bottle.dm:345:error: fire_overlay: undefined var
code\modules\food_and_drinks\drinks\drinks\bottle.dm:367:error: fire_overlay: undefined var
code\modules\hydroponics\grown\mushrooms.dm:259:error: cardinal: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\cult\cult_items.dm:272:error: command_announcement.Announce: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\cult\cult_items.dm:301:error: alldirs: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\simple_animal\bot\construction.dm:578:error: robot_arm: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\simple_animal\bot\construction.dm:315:error: robot_arm: undefined var
code\modules\awaymissions\mission_code\stationCollision.dm:151:error: sc_safecode1: undefined var
code\modules\awaymissions\mission_code\stationCollision.dm:151:error: sc_safecode2: undefined var
code\modules\awaymissions\mission_code\stationCollision.dm:151:error: sc_safecode3: undefined var
code\modules\awaymissions\mission_code\stationCollision.dm:151:error: sc_safecode4: undefined var
code\modules\awaymissions\mission_code\stationCollision.dm:151:error: sc_safecode5: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\cult\ritual.dm:220:error: summon_spots: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\cult\ritual.dm:221:error: summon_spots: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\cult\ritual.dm:281:error: summon_spots: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\cult\ritual.dm:282:error: summon_spots: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\cult\ritual.dm:284:error: command_announcement.Announce: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\cult\talisman.dm:135:error: teleport_runes: undefined var
code\game\machinery\computer\message.dm:489:error: message_servers: undefined var
code\game\machinery\computer\message.dm:490:error: message_servers: undefined var
code\modules\awaymissions\mission_code\stationCollision.dm:109:error: sc_safecode1: undefined var
code\modules\awaymissions\mission_code\stationCollision.dm:109:error: sc_safecode4: undefined var
code\modules\awaymissions\mission_code\stationCollision.dm:115:error: sc_safecode2: undefined var
code\modules\awaymissions\mission_code\stationCollision.dm:128:error: sc_safecode3: undefined var
code\modules\awaymissions\mission_code\stationCollision.dm:128:error: sc_safecode4: undefined var
code\modules\awaymissions\mission_code\stationCollision.dm:128:error: sc_safecode5: undefined var
code\modules\paperwork\contract.dm:268:error: HULKBLOCK: undefined var
code\modules\paperwork\contract.dm:269:error: HULKBLOCK: undefined var
code\modules\paperwork\paper.dm:680:error: event_announcement.Announce: undefined var
code\modules\paperwork\paper.dm:682:error: event_announcement.Announce: undefined var
code\modules\paperwork\paper.dm:683:error: data_core.security: undefined var
code\modules\paperwork\paper.dm:692:error: fax_blacklist: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\devices\radio\electropack.dm:106:error: default_state: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\devices\radio\intercom.dm:66:error: default_medbay_channels.Copy: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\devices\radio\radio.dm:72:error: default_internal_channels.Copy: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\devices\radio\radio.dm:119:error: default_state: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\devices\radio\radio.dm:451:error: telecomms_list: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\devices\radio\radio.dm:456:error: telecomms_list: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\devices\radio\radio.dm:506:error: telecomms_list: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\devices\radio\radio.dm:815:error: default_state: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\devices\radio\radio.dm:866:error: default_medbay_channels.Copy: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\stacks\sheets\leather.dm:18:error: human_recipes: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\stacks\sheets\leather.dm:140:error: sinew_recipes: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\stacks\sheets\mineral.dm:138:error: sandstone_recipes: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\stacks\sheets\mineral.dm:189:error: diamond_recipes: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\stacks\sheets\mineral.dm:202:error: uranium_recipes: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\stacks\sheets\mineral.dm:217:error: plasma_recipes: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\stacks\sheets\mineral.dm:242:error: gold_recipes: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\stacks\sheets\mineral.dm:255:error: silver_recipes: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\stacks\sheets\mineral.dm:268:error: bananium_recipes: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\stacks\sheets\mineral.dm:282:error: tranquillite_recipes: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\stacks\sheets\mineral.dm:359:error: abductor_recipes: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\stacks\sheets\mineral.dm:372:error: adamantine_recipes: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\stacks\sheets\mineral.dm:388:error: snow_recipes: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\stacks\sheets\sheet_types.dm:127:error: metal_recipes: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\stacks\sheets\sheet_types.dm:162:error: plasteel_recipes: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\stacks\sheets\sheet_types.dm:206:error: wood_recipes: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\stacks\sheets\sheet_types.dm:251:error: cloth_recipes: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\stacks\sheets\sheet_types.dm:339:error: cardboard_recipes: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\stacks\sheets\sheet_types.dm:396:error: cult: undefined var
code\modules\telesci\bscrystal.dm:73:error: bluespace_crystal_recipes: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\stacks\rods.dm:39:error: rod_recipes: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\stacks\sheets\sheet_types.dm:431:error: brass_recipes: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\stacks\tiles\tile_mineral.dm:45:error: gold_tile_recipes: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\stacks\tiles\tile_mineral.dm:57:error: goldfancy_tile_recipes: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\stacks\tiles\tile_mineral.dm:74:error: silver_tile_recipes: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\stacks\tiles\tile_mineral.dm:86:error: silverfancy_tile_recipes: undefined var
code\modules\mining\ores_coins.dm:22:error: score_oremined: undefined var
code\modules\mining\equipment\marker_beacons.dm:61:error: physical_state: undefined var
code\modules\mining\equipment\marker_beacons.dm:64:error: physical_state: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\nuclear\nuclear_challenge.dm:51:error: event_announcement.Announce: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\nuclear\nuclearbomb.dm:456:error: blobstart.len: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\nuclear\nuclearbomb.dm:458:error: blobstart: undefined var
code\game\machinery\cloning.dm:156:error: MONKEYBLOCK: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\nuclear\pinpointer.dm:159:error: potential_theft_objectives: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\nuclear\pinpointer.dm:218:error: bomb_set: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\nuclear\pinpointer.dm:247:error: bomb_set: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\wizard\artefact.dm:255:error: multiverse: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\wizard\artefact.dm:259:error: multiverse.Remove: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\wizard\artefact.dm:306:error: multiverse: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\wizard\artefact.dm:790:error: pointed_types: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\wizard\artefact.dm:845:error: cardinal: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\mountable_frames\mountables.dm:23:error: cardinal: undefined var
code\game\objects\structures\watercloset.dm:707:error: cardinal: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\weapons\explosives.dm:269:error: T: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\weapons\explosives.dm:233:error: T: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\weapons\explosives.dm:235:error: T: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\weapons\explosives.dm:237:error: T: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\weapons\explosives.dm:239:error: T: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\weapons\grenades\clowngrenade.dm:23:error: alldirs: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\weapons\cards_ids.dm:498:error: engineering_positions: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\weapons\cards_ids.dm:500:error: medical_positions: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\weapons\cards_ids.dm:502:error: science_positions: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\weapons\cards_ids.dm:504:error: security_positions: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\weapons\cards_ids.dm:506:error: support_positions: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\weapons\cards_ids.dm:508:error: command_positions: undefined var
code\game\machinery\camera\camera_assembly.dm:95:error: cameranet.removeCamera: undefined var
code\modules\admin\verbs\onlyoneteam.dm:79:error: team_alpha: undefined var
code\modules\admin\verbs\onlyoneteam.dm:79:error: team_alpha: undefined var
code\modules\admin\verbs\onlyoneteam.dm:82:error: team_bravo: undefined var
code\modules\admin\verbs\onlyoneteam.dm:82:error: team_bravo: undefined var
code\modules\admin\verbs\onlyoneteam.dm:85:error: team_alpha: undefined var
code\modules\admin\verbs\onlyoneteam.dm:85:error: team_bravo: undefined var
code\game\machinery\doors\airlock_electronics.dm:32:error: cardinal: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\blueprints.dm:297:error: cardinal: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\toys.dm:1211:error: lawlorify: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\toys.dm:1212:error: lawlorify: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\toys.dm:1213:error: lawlorify: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\toys.dm:1214:error: lawlorify: undefined var
code\modules\arcade\arcade_prize.dm:23:error: random_color_list: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\latexballoon.dm:64:error: pointed_types: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\devices\aicard.dm:43:error: inventory_state: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\devices\aicard.dm:51:error: inventory_state: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\devices\autopsy.dm:77:error: using_map.station_short: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\devices\camera_bug.dm:76:error: cameranet.cameras: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\devices\instruments.dm:38:error: default_state: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\devices\paicard.dm:267:error: paiController.findPAI: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\devices\pipe_painter.dm:12:error: pipe_colors: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\devices\pipe_painter.dm:26:error: pipe_colors: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\devices\taperecorder.dm:197:error: T: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\devices\taperecorder.dm:203:error: T: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\devices\transfer_valve.dm:103:error: default_state: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\devices\uplinks.dm:38:error: world_uplinks: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\devices\uplinks.dm:41:error: world_uplinks: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\devices\uplinks.dm:280:error: data_core.general: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\devices\uplinks.dm:287:error: data_core.general: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\devices\uplinks.dm:219:error: inventory_state: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\devices\uplinks.dm:230:error: inventory_state: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\tools\multitool.dm:76:error: ai_list: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\tools\multitool.dm:81:error: cameranet.chunkGenerated: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\tools\multitool.dm:82:error: cameranet.getCameraChunk: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\robot\robot_parts.dm:17:error: all_robolimbs: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\robot\robot_parts.dm:27:error: selectable_robolimbs: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\weapons\AI_modules.dm:87:error: lawchanges.Add: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\weapons\AI_modules.dm:117:error: lawchanges.Add: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\weapons\AI_modules.dm:144:error: lawchanges.Add: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\weapons\AI_modules.dm:149:error: lawchanges.Add: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\weapons\AI_modules.dm:206:error: lawchanges.Add: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\weapons\AI_modules.dm:335:error: lawchanges.Add: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\weapons\AI_modules.dm:361:error: lawchanges.Add: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\weapons\cosmetics.dm:111:error: all_robolimbs: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\weapons\dice.dm:181:error: MAX_EX_LIGHT_RANGE: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\weapons\dice.dm:183:error: MAX_EX_LIGHT_RANGE: undefined var
code\modules\awaymissions\mission_code\academy.dm:111:error: alldirs: undefined var
code\modules\awaymissions\mission_code\academy.dm:134:error: cardinal: undefined var
code\modules\awaymissions\mission_code\academy.dm:163:error: alldirs: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\weapons\dna_injector.dm:130:error: MONKEYBLOCK: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\weapons\dna_injector.dm:135:error: MONKEYBLOCK: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\weapons\dna_injector.dm:168:error: HULKBLOCK: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\weapons\dna_injector.dm:179:error: HULKBLOCK: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\weapons\dna_injector.dm:190:error: XRAYBLOCK: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\weapons\dna_injector.dm:201:error: XRAYBLOCK: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\weapons\dna_injector.dm:212:error: FIREBLOCK: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\weapons\dna_injector.dm:223:error: FIREBLOCK: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\weapons\dna_injector.dm:234:error: TELEBLOCK: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\weapons\dna_injector.dm:593:error: TELEBLOCK: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\weapons\dna_injector.dm:250:error: TELEBLOCK: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\weapons\dna_injector.dm:604:error: TELEBLOCK: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\weapons\dna_injector.dm:261:error: BREATHLESSBLOCK: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\weapons\dna_injector.dm:272:error: BREATHLESSBLOCK: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\weapons\dna_injector.dm:283:error: REMOTEVIEWBLOCK: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\weapons\dna_injector.dm:294:error: REMOTEVIEWBLOCK: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\weapons\dna_injector.dm:305:error: REGENERATEBLOCK: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\weapons\dna_injector.dm:316:error: REGENERATEBLOCK: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\weapons\dna_injector.dm:327:error: INCREASERUNBLOCK: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\weapons\dna_injector.dm:338:error: INCREASERUNBLOCK: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\weapons\dna_injector.dm:349:error: MORPHBLOCK: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\weapons\dna_injector.dm:360:error: MORPHBLOCK: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\weapons\dna_injector.dm:371:error: NOPRINTSBLOCK: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\weapons\dna_injector.dm:382:error: NOPRINTSBLOCK: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\weapons\dna_injector.dm:393:error: SHOCKIMMUNITYBLOCK: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\weapons\dna_injector.dm:404:error: SHOCKIMMUNITYBLOCK: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\weapons\dna_injector.dm:415:error: SMALLSIZEBLOCK: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\weapons\dna_injector.dm:426:error: SMALLSIZEBLOCK: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\weapons\dna_injector.dm:438:error: GLASSESBLOCK: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\weapons\dna_injector.dm:449:error: GLASSESBLOCK: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\weapons\dna_injector.dm:460:error: EPILEPSYBLOCK: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\weapons\dna_injector.dm:471:error: EPILEPSYBLOCK: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\weapons\dna_injector.dm:482:error: COUGHBLOCK: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\weapons\dna_injector.dm:493:error: COUGHBLOCK: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\weapons\dna_injector.dm:504:error: CLUMSYBLOCK: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\weapons\dna_injector.dm:515:error: CLUMSYBLOCK: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\weapons\dna_injector.dm:526:error: TWITCHBLOCK: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\weapons\dna_injector.dm:537:error: TWITCHBLOCK: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\weapons\dna_injector.dm:548:error: NERVOUSBLOCK: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\weapons\dna_injector.dm:560:error: NERVOUSBLOCK: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\weapons\dna_injector.dm:571:error: BLINDBLOCK: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\weapons\dna_injector.dm:582:error: BLINDBLOCK: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\weapons\dna_injector.dm:615:error: DEAFBLOCK: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\weapons\dna_injector.dm:626:error: DEAFBLOCK: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\weapons\dna_injector.dm:637:error: HALLUCINATIONBLOCK: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\weapons\dna_injector.dm:648:error: HALLUCINATIONBLOCK: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\weapons\dna_injector.dm:659:error: MONKEYBLOCK: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\weapons\dna_injector.dm:670:error: MONKEYBLOCK: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\weapons\dna_injector.dm:682:error: COMICBLOCK: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\weapons\dna_injector.dm:693:error: COMICBLOCK: undefined var
code\modules\assembly\signaler.dm:130:error: lastsignalers.Add: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\weapons\holy_weapons.dm:40:error: alldirs: undefined var
code\modules\library\codex_gigas.dm:48:error: lawlorify: undefined var
code\modules\library\codex_gigas.dm:48:error: lawlorify: undefined var
code\modules\library\codex_gigas.dm:48:error: lawlorify: undefined var
code\modules\library\codex_gigas.dm:48:error: lawlorify: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\weapons\RCD.dm:377:error: cardinal: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\weapons\RCD.dm:411:error: cardinal: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\weapons\RCD.dm:170:error: inventory_state: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\weapons\RCD.dm:177:error: inventory_state: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\weapons\rpd.dm:173:error: inventory_state: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\weapons\rpd.dm:183:error: inventory_state: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\weapons\scrolls.dm:50:error: teleportlocs: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\weapons\scrolls.dm:55:error: teleportlocs: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\weapons\implants\implant_death_alarm.dm:50:error: teleportlocs: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\weapons\tanks\tanks.dm:159:error: default_state: undefined var
code\modules\antagonists\_common\antag_spawner.dm:269:error: xeno_spawn: undefined var
code\modules\pda\PDA.dm:69:error: PDAs: undefined var
code\modules\pda\PDA.dm:70:error: PDAs: undefined var
code\modules\pda\PDA.dm:70:error: PDAs: undefined var
code\modules\pda\PDA.dm:104:error: inventory_state: undefined var
code\modules\pda\PDA.dm:134:error: inventory_state: undefined var
code\modules\pda\PDA.dm:470:error: PDAs: undefined var
code\modules\clothing\spacesuits\rig\rig.dm:985:error: cardinal: undefined var
code\modules\clothing\spacesuits\rig\rig.dm:525:error: inventory_state: undefined var
code\modules\clothing\spacesuits\rig\rig.dm:535:error: inventory_state: undefined var
code\modules\clothing\spacesuits\rig\modules\computer.dm:142:error: deep_inventory_state: undefined var
code\modules\clothing\spacesuits\rig\modules\computer.dm:26:error: contained_state: undefined var
code\modules\detective_work\scanner.dm:33:error: data_core.general: undefined var
code\modules\detective_work\scanner.dm:40:error: data_core.medical: undefined var
code\modules\detective_work\scanner.dm:47:error: data_core.general: undefined var
code\modules\economy\EFTPOS.dm:17:error: num_financial_terminals: undefined var
code\modules\economy\EFTPOS.dm:25:error: station_account: undefined var
code\modules\economy\EFTPOS.dm:82:error: default_state: undefined var
code\modules\mining\equipment\survival_pod.dm:22:error: shelter_templates: undefined var
code\modules\telesci\gps.dm:18:error: GPS_list.Add: undefined var
code\modules\telesci\gps.dm:23:error: GPS_list.Remove: undefined var
code\modules\telesci\gps.dm:38:error: inventory_state: undefined var
code\modules\telesci\gps.dm:57:error: GPS_list.len: undefined var
code\modules\telesci\gps.dm:69:error: GPS_list: undefined var
code\modules\mining\lavaland\loot\hierophant_loot.dm:257:error: cardinal: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\simple_animal\bot\construction.dm:408:error: robot_arm: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\simple_animal\bot\construction.dm:468:error: robot_arm: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\simple_animal\bot\construction.dm:479:error: robot_arm: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\simple_animal\bot\construction.dm:626:error: robot_arm: undefined var
code\modules\modular_computers\computers\item\computer.dm:292:error: ntnet_global.add_log: undefined var
code\modules\modular_computers\hardware\network_card.dm:29:error: ntnet_card_uid: undefined var
code\modules\modular_computers\hardware\network_card.dm:30:error: ntnet_card_uid: undefined var
code\modules\modular_computers\hardware\network_card.dm:47:error: ntnet_global: undefined var
code\modules\modular_computers\hardware\network_card.dm:47:error: ntnet_global.check_function: undefined var
code\modules\paperwork\photography.dm:243:error: SpookyGhosts: undefined var
code\modules\paperwork\photography.dm:547:error: cameranet.removeCamera: undefined var
code\modules\pda\radio.dm:200:error: lastsignalers.Add: undefined var
code\modules\shuttle\assault_pod.dm:36:error: teleportlocs: undefined var
code\modules\shuttle\assault_pod.dm:37:error: teleportlocs: undefined var
code\modules\station_goals\dna_vault.dm:98:error: non_simple_animals: undefined var
code\datums\spells\area_teleport.dm:28:error: teleportlocs: undefined var
code\datums\spells\area_teleport.dm:30:error: teleportlocs: undefined var
code\datums\spells\area_teleport.dm:35:error: teleportlocs: undefined var
code\datums\spells\ethereal_jaunt.dm:59:error: alldirs: undefined var
code\datums\spells\wizard.dm:100:error: HULKBLOCK: undefined var
code\datums\spells\wizard.dm:101:error: HULKBLOCK: undefined var
code\datums\spells\wizard.dm:103:error: HULKBLOCK: undefined var
code\datums\spells\wizard.dm:104:error: HULKBLOCK: undefined var
code\datums\spells\rathens.dm:24:error: alldirs: undefined var
code\datums\spells\rathens.dm:31:error: alldirs: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\shadowling\shadowling_abilities.dm:719:error: event_announcement.Announce: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\shadowling\special_shadowling_abilities.dm:69:error: possibleShadowlingNames: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\shadowling\special_shadowling_abilities.dm:70:error: possibleShadowlingNames.Remove: undefined var
code\modules\awaymissions\mission_code\academy.dm:258:error: alldirs: undefined var
code\datums\spells\knock.dm:54:error: command_announcement.Announce: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\vampire\vampire_powers.dm:400:error: alldirs: undefined var
code\game\objects\effects\decals\Cleanable\tracks.dm:90:error: cardinal: undefined var
code\game\objects\effects\decals\Cleanable\tracks.dm:93:error: fluidtrack_cache: undefined var
code\game\objects\effects\decals\Cleanable\tracks.dm:94:error: fluidtrack_cache: undefined var
code\game\objects\effects\decals\Cleanable\tracks.dm:97:error: fluidtrack_cache: undefined var
code\game\objects\effects\decals\Cleanable\tracks.dm:103:error: fluidtrack_cache: undefined var
code\game\objects\effects\decals\Cleanable\tracks.dm:104:error: fluidtrack_cache: undefined var
code\game\objects\effects\decals\Cleanable\tracks.dm:107:error: fluidtrack_cache: undefined var
code\modules\recycling\disposal.dm:1382:error: alldirs.Copy: undefined var
code\modules\recycling\disposal.dm:1373:error: alldirs.Copy: undefined var
code\game\objects\effects\decals\Cleanable\fuel.dm:29:error: cardinal: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\cult\runes.dm:273:error: teleport_runes: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\cult\runes.dm:276:error: teleport_runes: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\cult\runes.dm:284:error: teleport_runes: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\cult\runes.dm:413:error: sacrificed.Add: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\simple_animal\hostile\mining\hivelord.dm:330:error: SMALLSIZEBLOCK: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\simple_animal\hostile\mining\hivelord.dm:332:error: SMALLSIZEBLOCK: undefined var
code\game\objects\effects\landmarks.dm:16:error: newplayer_start: undefined var
code\game\objects\effects\landmarks.dm:20:error: wizardstart: undefined var
code\game\objects\effects\landmarks.dm:24:error: latejoin: undefined var
code\game\objects\effects\landmarks.dm:28:error: latejoin_gateway: undefined var
code\game\objects\effects\landmarks.dm:32:error: latejoin_cryo: undefined var
code\game\objects\effects\landmarks.dm:36:error: latejoin_cyborg: undefined var
code\game\objects\effects\landmarks.dm:40:error: prisonwarp: undefined var
code\game\objects\effects\landmarks.dm:44:error: prisonsecuritywarp: undefined var
code\game\objects\effects\landmarks.dm:48:error: tdome1: undefined var
code\game\objects\effects\landmarks.dm:51:error: tdome2: undefined var
code\game\objects\effects\landmarks.dm:54:error: tdomeadmin: undefined var
code\game\objects\effects\landmarks.dm:57:error: tdomeobserve: undefined var
code\game\objects\effects\landmarks.dm:60:error: aroomwarp: undefined var
code\game\objects\effects\landmarks.dm:63:error: blobstart: undefined var
code\game\objects\effects\landmarks.dm:67:error: xeno_spawn: undefined var
code\game\objects\effects\landmarks.dm:71:error: ninjastart: undefined var
code\game\objects\effects\landmarks.dm:75:error: carplist: undefined var
code\game\objects\effects\landmarks.dm:78:error: raider_spawn: undefined var
code\game\objects\effects\landmarks.dm:81:error: ertdirector: undefined var
code\game\objects\effects\landmarks.dm:85:error: emergencyresponseteamspawn: undefined var
code\game\objects\effects\landmarks.dm:89:error: syndicateofficer: undefined var
code\modules\awaymissions\map_rng.dm:20:error: map_templates: undefined var
code\modules\awaymissions\map_rng.dm:50:error: map_templates: undefined var
code\game\objects\effects\temporary_visuals\miscellaneous.dm:21:error: diagonals: undefined var
code\game\objects\effects\temporary_visuals\temporary_visual.dm:14:error: cardinal: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\simple_animal\hostile\megafauna\hierophant.dm:568:error: cardinal.Copy: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\simple_animal\hostile\mining\goliath.dm:167:error: cardinal.Copy: undefined var
code\game\objects\effects\anomalies.dm:29:error: alldirs: undefined var
code\game\objects\effects\bump_teleporter.dm:16:error: bump_teleporters: undefined var
code\game\objects\effects\bump_teleporter.dm:19:error: bump_teleporters: undefined var
code\game\objects\effects\bump_teleporter.dm:37:error: bump_teleporters: undefined var
code\game\objects\effects\spawners\gibspawner.dm:14:error: alldirs: undefined var
code\game\objects\effects\spawners\gibspawner.dm:14:error: alldirs: undefined var
code\game\objects\effects\spawners\gibspawner.dm:23:error: alldirs: undefined var
code\game\objects\effects\spawners\gibspawner.dm:23:error: alldirs: undefined var
code\game\objects\effects\spawners\gibspawner.dm:33:error: alldirs: undefined var
code\game\objects\effects\spawners\gibspawner.dm:33:error: alldirs: undefined var
code\game\objects\effects\spawners\windowspawner.dm:19:error: cardinal: undefined var
code\game\objects\effects\snowcloud.dm:55:error: cardinal: undefined var
code\game\objects\effects\effect_system\effect_system.dm:17:error: cameranet.updateVisibility: undefined var
code\game\objects\effects\effect_system\effect_system.dm:21:error: cameranet.updateVisibility: undefined var
code\game\objects\effects\effect_system\effects_foam.dm:63:error: cardinal: undefined var
code\LINDA\LINDA_fire.dm:69:error: cardinal: undefined var
code\LINDA\LINDA_fire.dm:136:error: cardinal: undefined var
code\modules\events\dust.dm:39:error: cardinal: undefined var
code\modules\flufftext\Hallucination.dm:163:error: cardinal: undefined var
code\modules\flufftext\Hallucination.dm:343:error: cardinal: undefined var
code\modules\flufftext\Hallucination.dm:553:error: non_fakeattack_weapons: undefined var
code\modules\flufftext\Hallucination.dm:557:error: non_fakeattack_weapons: undefined var
code\modules\flufftext\Hallucination.dm:732:error: teleportlocs: undefined var
code\game\mecha\mecha.dm:115:error: huds: undefined var
code\game\mecha\medical\odysseus.dm:22:error: huds: undefined var
code\game\mecha\medical\odysseus.dm:30:error: huds: undefined var
code\game\mecha\medical\odysseus.dm:37:error: huds: undefined var
code\game\mecha\medical\odysseus.dm:42:error: huds: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\blob\theblob.dm:21:error: blobs: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\blob\theblob.dm:22:error: cardinal: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\blob\theblob.dm:32:error: blobs: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\blob\blobs\core.dm:16:error: blob_cores: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\blob\blobs\core.dm:41:error: blob_cores: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\blob\blobs\core.dm:78:error: alldirs: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\blob\blobs\node.dm:10:error: blob_nodes: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\blob\blobs\node.dm:24:error: blob_nodes: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\cult\cult_structures.dm:217:error: blacklisted_pylon_turfs: undefined var
code\game\objects\structures\crates_lockers\crates.dm:215:error: allConsoles: undefined var
code\modules\recycling\disposal.dm:840:error: cardinal: undefined var
code\game\machinery\computer\ai_core.dm:161:error: empty_playable_ai_cores: undefined var
code\game\machinery\computer\ai_core.dm:251:error: empty_playable_ai_cores: undefined var
code\game\machinery\computer\ai_core.dm:252:error: empty_playable_ai_cores: undefined var
code\game\objects\structures.dm:21:error: cameranet.updateVisibility: undefined var
code\game\objects\structures.dm:25:error: cameranet.updateVisibility: undefined var
code\game\objects\effects\glowshroom.dm:105:error: cardinal: undefined var
code\game\objects\effects\glowshroom.dm:126:error: cardinal: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\simple_animal\hostile\terror_spiders\reproduction.dm:208:error: ts_egg_list: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\simple_animal\hostile\terror_spiders\reproduction.dm:230:error: ts_egg_list: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\simple_animal\hostile\terror_spiders\reproduction.dm:26:error: ts_spiderling_list: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\simple_animal\hostile\terror_spiders\reproduction.dm:31:error: ts_spiderling_list: undefined var
code\game\objects\structures\false_walls.dm:248:error: T: undefined var
code\game\objects\structures\false_walls.dm:248:error: T: undefined var
code\game\objects\structures\false_walls.dm:248:error: T: undefined var
code\game\objects\structures\false_walls.dm:248:error: T: undefined var
code\game\objects\structures\false_walls.dm:248:error: T.x: undefined var
code\game\objects\structures\false_walls.dm:248:error: T.y: undefined var
code\game\objects\structures\false_walls.dm:248:error: T.z: undefined var
code\game\objects\structures\false_walls.dm:248:error: T.x: undefined var
code\game\objects\structures\false_walls.dm:248:error: T.y: undefined var
code\game\objects\structures\false_walls.dm:248:error: T.z: undefined var
code\game\objects\structures\false_walls.dm:249:error: T: undefined var
code\game\objects\structures\false_walls.dm:249:error: T: undefined var
code\game\objects\structures\false_walls.dm:249:error: T: undefined var
code\game\objects\structures\false_walls.dm:249:error: T.x: undefined var
code\game\objects\structures\false_walls.dm:249:error: T.y: undefined var
code\game\objects\structures\false_walls.dm:249:error: T.z: undefined var
code\game\objects\structures\mirror.dm:138:error: COMICBLOCK: undefined var
code\game\objects\structures\mirror.dm:140:error: WINGDINGSBLOCK: undefined var
code\game\objects\structures\mirror.dm:142:error: SWEDEBLOCK: undefined var
code\game\objects\structures\mirror.dm:144:error: CHAVBLOCK: undefined var
code\modules\ruins\lavalandruin_code\sin_ruins.dm:114:error: space_manager.z_list.Copy: undefined var
code\game\objects\structures\misc.dm:36:error: carplist: undefined var
code\game\objects\structures\musician.dm:312:error: default_state: undefined var
code\game\objects\structures\safe.dm:188:error: default_state: undefined var
code\game\objects\structures\tank_dispenser.dm:41:error: default_state: undefined var
code\modules\events\spacevine.dm:659:error: cardinal.Copy: undefined var
code\modules\mining\equipment\marker_beacons.dm:133:error: physical_state: undefined var
code\modules\mining\equipment\marker_beacons.dm:136:error: physical_state: undefined var
code\modules\paperwork\filingcabinet.dm:122:error: data_core.general: undefined var
code\modules\paperwork\filingcabinet.dm:124:error: data_core.security: undefined var
code\modules\paperwork\filingcabinet.dm:156:error: data_core.general: undefined var
code\modules\paperwork\filingcabinet.dm:158:error: data_core.medical: undefined var
code\modules\paperwork\filingcabinet.dm:194:error: employmentCabinets: undefined var
code\modules\paperwork\filingcabinet.dm:198:error: employmentCabinets: undefined var
code\modules\paperwork\filingcabinet.dm:203:error: data_core.locked: undefined var
code\modules\ruins\lavalandruin_code\ash_walker_den.dm:28:error: alldirs: undefined var
code\modules\ruins\lavalandruin_code\ash_walker_den.dm:53:error: alldirs: undefined var
code\game\objects\obj_defense.dm:208:error: fire_overlay: undefined var
code\game\objects\objs.dm:47:error: default_state: undefined var
code\modules\power\singularity\singularity.dm:290:error: alldirs: undefined var
code\modules\power\singularity\singularity.dm:434:error: rad_collectors: undefined var
code\modules\power\tesla\energy_ball.dm:70:error: alldirs: undefined var
code\modules\shuttle\emergency.dm:154:error: atc.shift_ending: undefined var
code\modules\shuttle\emergency.dm:156:error: atc.reroute_traffic: undefined var
code\modules\shuttle\emergency.dm:255:error: priority_announcement.Announce: undefined var
code\modules\shuttle\emergency.dm:275:error: priority_announcement.Announce: undefined var
code\modules\shuttle\emergency.dm:277:error: karma_spenders: undefined var
code\modules\shuttle\emergency.dm:294:error: priority_announcement.Announce: undefined var
code\modules\tram\tram.dm:87:error: cardinal: undefined var
code\modules\tram\tram.dm:102:error: cardinal: undefined var
code\modules\tram\tram.dm:118:error: cardinal: undefined var
code\modules\tram\tram.dm:204:error: cardinal: undefined var
code\modules\tram\tram.dm:215:error: cardinal: undefined var
code\modules\tram\tram_floor.dm:14:error: cardinal: undefined var
code\modules\tram\tram_wall.dm:15:error: cardinal: undefined var
code\game\atoms_movable.dm:39:error: space_manager.is_zlevel_dirty: undefined var
code\game\atoms_movable.dm:40:error: space_manager.postpone_init: undefined var
code\game\atoms.dm:725:error: global_map: undefined var
code\game\atoms.dm:725:error: global_map: undefined var
code\game\atoms.dm:729:error: global_map.len: undefined var
code\game\atoms.dm:730:error: global_map: undefined var
code\game\data_huds.dm:10:error: huds: undefined var
code\game\data_huds.dm:13:error: huds: undefined var
code\game\machinery\telecomms\broadcaster.dm:656:error: telecomms_list: undefined var
code\modules\admin\admin_investigate.dm:26:error: investigate_log_subjects: undefined var
code\game\atoms.dm:55:error: use_preloader: undefined var
code\game\atoms.dm:55:error: _preloader.target_path: undefined var
code\game\atoms.dm:56:error: _preloader.load: undefined var
code\game\atoms.dm:798:error: Debug2: undefined var
code\game\turfs\turf.dm:269:error: cardinal: undefined var
code\LINDA\LINDA_turf_tile.dm:152:error: cardinal: undefined var
code\LINDA\LINDA_turf_tile.dm:263:error: returnplmaster: undefined var
code\LINDA\LINDA_turf_tile.dm:265:error: returnslmaster: undefined var
code\LINDA\LINDA_turf_tile.dm:415:error: cardinal: undefined var
code\LINDA\LINDA_turf_tile.dm:421:error: cardinal: undefined var
code\game\turfs\simulated\floor\asteroid.dm:208:error: alldirs: undefined var
code\game\turfs\simulated\floor.dm:37:error: icons_to_ignore_at_floor_init: undefined var
code\game\turfs\simulated\floor\chasm.dm:189:error: alldirs: undefined var
code\game\turfs\simulated\minerals.dm:35:error: cardinal: undefined var
code\LINDA\LINDA_turf_tile.dm:502:error: cardinal: undefined var
code\defines\procs\AStar.dm:158:error: cardinal: undefined var
code\game\turfs\turf.dm:190:error: use_preloader: undefined var
code\game\turfs\turf.dm:330:error: cardinal: undefined var
code\game\turfs\turf.dm:343:error: cardinal: undefined var
code\game\turfs\turf.dm:455:error: cameranet.updateVisibility: undefined var
code\game\turfs\simulated\river.dm:85:error: cardinal: undefined var
code\LINDA\LINDA_system.dm:65:error: cardinal: undefined var
code\LINDA\LINDA_system.dm:92:error: cardinal: undefined var
code\LINDA\LINDA_system.dm:102:error: diagonals: undefined var
code\LINDA\LINDA_system.dm:106:error: cardinal: undefined var
code\game\turfs\turf.dm:73:error: cardinal: undefined var
code\game\turfs\space\space.dm:45:error: space_manager.get_zlev: undefined var
code\game\turfs\space\space.dm:52:error: space_manager.get_zlev: undefined var
code\game\turfs\space\space.dm:140:error: global_map.len: undefined var
code\game\turfs\space\space.dm:141:error: global_map: undefined var
code\game\turfs\space\space.dm:165:error: global_map.len: undefined var
code\game\turfs\space\space.dm:166:error: global_map: undefined var
code\game\turfs\space\space.dm:189:error: global_map: undefined var
code\game\turfs\space\space.dm:214:error: global_map: undefined var
code\game\area\areas.dm:113:error: space_manager.areas_in_z: undefined var
code\game\area\areas.dm:158:error: air_alarm_repository.update_cache: undefined var
code\game\area\areas.dm:160:error: air_alarm_repository.update_cache: undefined var
code\datums\datacore.dm:2:error: data_core: undefined var
code\game\area\Space Station 13 areas.dm:22:error: teleportlocs.Find: undefined var
code\game\area\Space Station 13 areas.dm:25:error: teleportlocs: undefined var
code\game\area\Space Station 13 areas.dm:26:error: teleportlocs: undefined var
code\game\area\Space Station 13 areas.dm:28:error: teleportlocs: undefined var
code\game\area\Space Station 13 areas.dm:28:error: teleportlocs: undefined var
code\game\area\Space Station 13 areas.dm:35:error: ghostteleportlocs.Find: undefined var
code\game\area\Space Station 13 areas.dm:38:error: ghostteleportlocs: undefined var
code\game\area\Space Station 13 areas.dm:39:error: ghostteleportlocs: undefined var
code\game\area\Space Station 13 areas.dm:41:error: ghostteleportlocs: undefined var
code\game\area\Space Station 13 areas.dm:41:error: ghostteleportlocs: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference\loadout\loadout.dm:33:error: loadout_categories: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference\loadout\loadout.dm:34:error: loadout_categories: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference\loadout\loadout.dm:35:error: loadout_categories: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference\loadout\loadout.dm:36:error: gear_datums: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference\loadout\loadout.dm:37:error: gear_datums: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference\loadout\loadout.dm:39:error: loadout_categories: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference\loadout\loadout.dm:39:error: loadout_categories: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference\loadout\loadout.dm:40:error: loadout_categories: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference\loadout\loadout.dm:41:error: loadout_categories: undefined var
code\modules\fancytitle\fancytitle.dm:14:error: using_map: undefined var
code\modules\fancytitle\fancytitle.dm:14:error: using_map.name: undefined var
code\modules\library\lib_machines.dm:8:error: library_catalog.initialize: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\body_accessories.dm:9:error: body_accessory_by_name.len: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\pai\recruit.dm:15:error: paiController: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\pai\software.dm:20:error: pai_software_by_key: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\pai\software.dm:21:error: pai_software_by_key: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\pai\software.dm:25:error: pai_software_by_key: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\pai\software.dm:27:error: default_pai_software: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\ai\latejoin.dm:9:error: empty_playable_ai_cores: undefined var
code\modules\awaymissions\zlevel.dm:1:error: GLOBAL_LINIT_INIT: undefined proc
code\modules\awaymissions\zlevel.dm:1:error: arglist: bad argument definition
code\modules\awaymissions\maploader\reader.dm:99:error: space_manager.increase_max_zlevel_to: undefined var
code\modules\awaymissions\maploader\reader.dm:159:error: _preloader.reset: undefined var
code\modules\awaymissions\maploader\reader.dm:162:error: _preloader.reset: undefined var
code\modules\awaymissions\maploader\reader.dm:274:error: _preloader.setup: undefined var
code\modules\awaymissions\maploader\reader.dm:280:error: use_preloader: undefined var
code\modules\awaymissions\maploader\reader.dm:281:error: _preloader.load: undefined var
code\modules\awaymissions\maploader\reader.dm:319:error: _preloader.setup: undefined var
code\modules\awaymissions\maploader\reader.dm:331:error: use_preloader: undefined var
code\modules\awaymissions\maploader\reader.dm:332:error: _preloader.load: undefined var
code\modules\awaymissions\maploader\reader.dm:442:error: use_preloader: undefined var
code\modules\awaymissions\maploader\reader.dm:461:error: use_preloader: undefined var
code\modules\awaymissions\maploader\reader.dm:465:error: use_preloader: undefined var
paradise.dmb - 100 errors, 1 warning (3/18/20 9:12 pm) (max count reached)
Total time: 0:52
